...catapulted Einstein to the pinnacle of fame
...its precedence as the world's leading manufacturer of pharmaceuticals
...was wont to complain that this is a cold world
..stead of sneaking around spying on the neighbor's house
0 and 1 are digits
0/0 is an indeterminate form
1, 2, 6, 24, and 120 are factorials
1, large_integer,@ noun.location:US,;r noun.location:France,;r (the number that is represented as a one followed by 12 zeros; 
1-4-16-64-256- is the start of a geometric progression
1-4-7-10-13- is the start of an arithmetic progression
10 dollars worth of gasoline
10 is the radix of the decimal system
100 mesh powdered cellulose
100 through 999 are three-figure numbers
15 is dividable by 3
17 sailors died as the result of a terrorist attack while the USS Cole was anchored in Aden
19 minus 8 leaves 11
19th century thought
2 is a modulus of 5 and 9
20 or so people were at the party
200 head of cattle
2000 square feet of usable office space
24 contains 6
36 is a multiple of 9
36 is the double of 18
4 MIPS is 4,000,000 instructions per second
4 is an aliquot part of 12
5 is an aliquant part of 12
500 horse led the attack
7 is a logogram that is pronounced `seven' in English and `nanatsu' in Japanese
70% in favor, 13% opposed and 17% don't-knows
:-( and :-) are emoticons
A `B' grade doesn't suffice to get me into medical school
A bee stung my arm yesterday
A big oil spot spread across the water
A black limousine passed by when she looked out the window
A black star absorbs all matter
A breeze wafted through the door
A causewayed swamp
A child would complete the family
A cluster of schooling fish was attracted to the bait
A cough settled in her chest
A crazy idea took hold of him
A declining dollar pulled down the export figures for the last quarter
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject
A few words would answer
A flower developed on the branch
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds
A gasp swept cross the audience
A good review by this critic will make your play!
A good way of exercising is to constitutionalize
A great idea then came to her
A high tension wire, brought down by a storm, can continue to spark
A hot bath always relaxes me
A hot soup will revive me
A lacquered box from China
A lot of energy went into the organization of this banquet
A man in Boston has been strangling several dozen prostitutes
A man's gotta look out for his family
A menacing person
A mob is an amorphous crowd of people without ideals, a sum of individuals in which each lives for himself
A much publicized raid on a yardie stronghold had first been simulated at Riot City
A new religious movement originated in that country
A new star appeared on the horizon
A new word processor was introduced
A not unwelcome outcome
A number of banks failed that year
A periphrastic study in a worn-out poetical fashion,/ Leaving one still with the intolerable wrestle/ With words and meanings.
A person's arms homologize with a quadruped's forelimbs
A prepossessing appearance
A puffing kind of man
A rash erupted on her arms after she had touched the exotic plant
A reading was taken of the earth's tremors
A restaurant bill presumes the consumption of food
A ribbed sweater
A scar slanted across his face
A scintillating conversation
A scream came from the woman's mouth
A seam of coal bassets
A shining example
A shooting star flashed and was gone
A shrill voice sounded behind us
A single mistake undid the President and he had to resign
A single rock sticks out from the cliff
A slight unpleasantness arose from this discussion
A sobering thought
A soft breeze pulsed the air
A southeaster blustered onshore
A star tops the Christmas Tree
A statistician stratifies the list of names according to the addresses
A stirring movie
A strange sound struck my ears
A swift picture of the sort of women he would have in his bed sprang unasked into her mind.
A terrible murder begins the novel
A terrible rage possessed her
A terrible thought gleamed in her mind
A terrible thought went through his mind
A terrible tsunami followed the earthquake
A thought came to me
A titillating story appeared in the usually conservative magazine
A totally new idea is comprised in this paper
A transmitter in Samoa was heard calling
A troubling thought
A walk through town will unfold many interesting buildings
A weather vane crowns the building
A weathered old hut
A whole is that which has beginning, middle, and end
A woman's right to an abortion was constitutionalized in the 1970's
ADA deficiency can lead to one form of severe combined immunodeficiency disease
AIDS has killed thousands in Africa
AIDS is one of the dystopian harbingers of the global villages
ASALA bombing at Orly Airport in Paris in 1983 killed 8 and wounded 55 people
ATM is used for both LAN and WAN
Aaron Burr called out Alexander Hamilton
Aaron and Jesus Christ are the type and antitype for the high priest who made atonement for the sins of the people
Abandon your life to God
Abbreviate `New York' and write `NY'
About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade
Abraham begot Isaac
Actions talk louder than words
Adam and Eve committed the original sin when they ate the forbidden fruit in the Garden of Eden
Adam and Eve fell
Adam knew Eve
Adam was promised immortality in exchange for his disobedience
Adam would have been carried over into the life eternal
Adapt our native cuisine to the available food resources of the new country
Add 27 and 49, please!
Add all the people in this town to those of the neighboring town
Add insult to injury
Add some extra plates to the dinner table
Adjust the clock, please
Adjust your eyes to the darkness
Aegean islands
Afghani women buried under their burkas
African languages
African men are initiated when they reach puberty
African nations
African-American culture
Afrikaner support
Afro-Asian population
After 1989, peace broke out in the former East Bloc
After 3 decades in politics, she cashed out and moved to Polynesia
After Christmas, many pets get abandoned
After a few moments, the effects of the drug kicked in
After a hard day's work, I vegetate in front of the television
After a heavy snowfall, we have to snowshoe to the grocery store
After a year in Iowa, he has totally Americanized
After a year in the mental clinic, the patient is now rehabilitated
After defeating the Knicks, the Blazers pulled ahead of the Lakers in the battle for the number-one playoff berth in the Western Conference
After dinner, we wandered into town
After drinking too much, the students vomited
After each guest we changed the bed linens
After graduation, she stayed on in Cambridge as a student adviser
After he published his book, he had arrived
After he was shown to have performed a miracle, the priest was canonized
After her divorce, she remarried her high school sweetheart
After her husband died, she just pined away
After his accident, he had to restructure his life
After many years the rose bushes grew together
After moving back to America, he had to readjust
After paying a penalty, the player was readmitted
After some discussion we finally made up
After taking the drug, John saw double
After the accident, he could not walk for months and had to relearn how to walk down stairs
After the accident, they grounded the plane and the pilot
After the break up of the Soviet Union, many republics broke away
After the earthquake, residents were evacuated
After the earthquake, the government could not provide shelter for the thousands of homeless people
After the exam, the students were celebrating
After the fight both men need to cool off.
After the fire, they reforested the mountain
After the king's body had been exhumed and tested to traces of poison, it was reburied in the same spot
After the meal, some of the diners lit up
After the movie, we went home
After the revolution, food distribution was decentralized
After the second episode, she had to be committed
After the shelling, many people lost the ability to remember
After the surgery, the patient snapped back in a few days
After the terrorist attack, people look consternated
After the war, the defeated country was not allowed to rearm
After the war, the defeated country was not rearmed by the victors
After thinking about the potential consequences of his plan, he sobered up
After we finished dinner, we were thoroughly alcoholized
After we knock off that liquor store we'll have to lay low for a while
After we relaxed, we just kidded around
Again, the cat had made on the expensive rug
Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship
Agassiz recognized marks of glaciation all over northern Europe
Age and experience mellowed him over the years
Age creeps up on you
Age had dulled the surface
Age matures a good wine
Air linen
Airplanes were swanning over the mountains
Akhbari Shiism has never promoted political control
Al Smith used to say, `Let's look at the record'
Alaska is our northernmost state
Alaska is the largest state in the United States
Alexander Hamilton was the first Secretary of the Treasury
Algerian towns
Alice doesn't live here anymore
All dissenters were silenced when the dictator assumed power
All her friends were paragraphed in last Monday's paper
All her publicity sold the products
All major networks carried the press conference
All my money is tied up in long-term investments
All my money went for food and rent
All nations fly their flags in front of the U.N.
All our planets condensed out of the same material
All parties ratified the peace treaty
All the guys were knocked out by her charm
All the world's a stage
All these flowers come to life when the rains come
All this exercise and sweating has dehydrated me
All tongues shall troll you
Alphabetize the list
Alpine countries, Switzerland, Italy, France, and Germany
Although he is not trained in this, his hobby is etymologizing
Although she left the church officially, she still tithes
Alzheimer's is responsible for her destroyed mind
Am I listed in your register?
Am I supposed to swallow that story?
Ambrosian chants
America's open society has made it an easy target for terrorists
American English
American citizens
American diplomacy provided a toehold on which to proceed toward peace talks
American divisional (fractional) coins include the dime and the nickel
American expatriates
American flora and fauna
American industry is making increased use of computers to control production
American society is becoming increasingly stratified
American tourists wholly innocent of French
American troops were stationed on Japanese soil
American women got the vote in 1920
Americans are sociable and gregarious
Americans have always been a footloose people always moving on
Americans like ice in their drinks
An aggressive tide sluiced across the barrier reef
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile--hoping it will eat him last
An apron keeps his clothing unstained
An atmosphere of distrust has permeated this administration
An enemy plane flew by
An enormous dilemma faces us
An entire civilization vanished
An example sentence would show what this word means
An interesting idea hit her
An interesting phenomenon uprose
An interposing thicket blocked their way
An orbiting electron in an atom will have a magnetic dipole moment
Anchorage is the largest city in Alaska
Ancient Gallic dialects
Ancient Troy was a great city
And I on the opposite shore will be, ready to ride and spread the alarm
And the Lord set a mark upon Cain
Andrew Jackson expanded the power of the presidency beyond what was customary before his time
Anglo-Jewish papers
Anglo-Saxon poetry
Anguillan sea food specialties
Another air plane loomed into the sky
Antarctica is the only polar continent
Antarctica is twice the size of Australia
Antiguan islands
Anwar Sadat was assassinated because many people did not like his peace politics with Israel
Anyhow, he is dead now
Apply a magnetic field here
Apply the rules to everyone
Arabian Nights
Arabian Sea
Arabic languages
Arafat was holed up in the mukataa of his West Bank compound
Are the letters properly stamped?
Are we driving or flying?
Are you at all interested? No, not at all
Are you controlling for the temperature?
Are you pulling my leg?
Are you siding with the defender of the title?
Aren't we asking too much of these children?
Argentinian tango
Aristotelean logic
Aristotelianism profoundly influenced Western thought
Aristotle was a great orderer of ideas
Arrest the downward trend
Arrest the progress
Art is sometimes subordinated to Science in these schools
Art serves commerce
Arthur's taking a short zizz
As a child, I was overexposed to French movies
As a horror, apartheid...is absolutely unambiguous
As a student I jobbed during the semester breaks
As soon as they met, the linguists started to talk shop
As the thunder started the sleeping children began to stir
Asian countries
Ask your teacher about trigonometry
Aspirin irritates my stomach
Astaire partnered Rogers
At her death, she left behind her husband and 11 cats
At midnight, the student decided to call it quits and closed his books
At the end of the march, I pooped out
At this stage of making the cake, blend in the nuts
At what time are you lunching?
At what time does your train leave?
Ataturk secularized Turkey
Atlanta was chosen to be host for the Olympic Games
Atlantic currents
Attend to your duties, please
Attic Greek
Auden made verses
Australian aborigines
Australian deserts
Austrian music
Authorities hesitate to quote exact figures
B flat
B natural
Babylonian religion
Bach perfected the art of counterpointing
Bach was unique in his handling of counterpoint
Baghdad is one of the great cities of the Muslim world
Bahaism has no public rituals or sacraments and praying is done in private
Bahamian population
Bahrain has been an entrepot of trade between Arabia and India since the second millennium BC
Bahraini beaches
Balanchine choreographed many pieces to Stravinsky's music
Balboa crossed the Isthmus of Darien
Bangladeshi dialects
Bantoid languages
Baptistic baptismal practices
Bavarian beer
Be careful--his secretary talks
Be systematically ascetic...do...something for no other reason than that you would rather not do it
Bear gifts
Bears must eat a lot of food before they hibernate in their caves
Beat the rhythm
Because of the sound changes in the course of history, an `h' in Greek stands for an `s' in Latin
Beech leaves shimmered in the moonlight
Beethoven composed nine symphonies
Beethoven's manuscript looks like a bloody record of a tremendous inner battle
Before God I swear I am innocent
Before I could stop him the dog snatched the ham bone
Before he could duck, another stone struck him
Before the medical exam, you must fast
Benford's law holds that 30% of the time the first non-zero digit of a derived number will be 1 and it will be 9 only 4.6% of the time
Bengali hills
Benin bronzes
Benoit Mandelbrot pioneered fractal geometry
Berlin has been reborn after probably the most intense period of construction since the post-war period.
Berlin was bombed to smithereens
Bermudan beaches
Bernhard Riemann pioneered elliptic geometry
Bernice bobs her hair these days!
Bernstein conducted Mahler like no other conductor
Better by far that you should forget and smile / Than that you should remember and be sad
Beware of telephone salesmen
Beyond his preternatural affability there is some acid and some steel
Bhutanese Buddhists
Bible country
Bids for the painting topped out at $50 million
Big boulders outcropped
Big rocks overarch the stream
Bill Adams, Sr.
Bill called this number and he got Mary
Bill preceded John in the long line of Susan's husbands
Bill's been aboard for three years now
Birds are being urbanized by people in outdoor cafes feeding them
Birds brood
Birds mate in the Spring
Birds of prey often seize small mammals
Bismarck was constantly criticised by the more liberal newspapers, and he retaliated by passing an emergency decree that effectually muzzled the press
Bizonal currency was used in occupied Germany after World War II
Black people were often rejected by country clubs
Block a hat
Block his election
Blocked funds
Blood circulates in my veins
Blood clots
Blood oozed through the bandage
Blow a glass vase
Blow my hair dry
Blow now!
Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks
Bob has never pulled his weight, and we all have to work harder to make up for his laziness
Boeotian dialects
Bolshevik Revolution
Boreas was pictured as bearded and powerful and winged and draped against the cold
Both philosophers concord on this point
Both sides have to give up some claims in these negotiations
Boys gravitate towards girls at that age
Brahms was included in the program
Brahms's `Requiem' gets me every time
Branches straggling out quite far
Braque eked out his collages with charcoal
Braque translated collage into oil
Bread was rationed during the siege of the city
Bride's Biscuit got by the other dogs to win the race
Bring me the box from the other room
Britain immigrated many colonists to America
Britain is not a truly fluid society
British nationalism was in the air and patriotic sentiments ran high
British sailors feared the cat
British say `it rained like billyo' where Americans say `it rained like all get out'
Brooks Brothers button-down shirts
Brown's attempt at servile insurrection
Bruneian oil production
Brush butter on the roast
Buddhist sculpture
Bullets snarled past us
Bullets spanged into the trees
Bullets were spatting down on us
Bullets were spatting the leaves
Bullets were thudding against the wall
Burmese tonal languages
Bush appointed Edward J. Derwinski as the first Secretary of Veterans Affairs
Bush is charting a course to destroy Saddam Hussein
Bush wants to rerun in 1996
Business tapered off
But in so many other areas we still are dragging
Buttress the church
By and by he'll understand
Byron lives on not only in his poetry, but also in his creation of the `Byronic hero' - the persona of a brooding melancholy young man
Byron's consumed memoirs possessed the merit of being well and entertainingly written
Byzantine methods for holding on to his chairmanship
Byzantine monks
Byzantine rites
C sharp
C++ is an object-oriented programming language that is an extension of C
CD4 is a receptor for HIV in humans
Cackling geese
Californian beaches
Californians love to surf
Call a bond
Call a loan
Call ducks
Call me Mister
Call off the engagement
Call roll
Call the outcome of an election
Call the police!
Can I bring my cousin to the dinner?
Can I catch up with the material or is it too late?
Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool?
Can I give you the children for the weekend?
Can I go now?
Can I invite you for dinner on Sunday night?
Can I keep my old stuffed animals?
Can I sit in on your Intermediate Hittite class?
Can he reach?
Can he rig up a P.A. system?
Can the child dress by herself?
Can the child sound out this complicated word?
Can the company reimburse me for my professional travel?
Can the seamstress sew me a suit by next week?
Can these shirts be machine-washed?
Can we extend the legs of this dining table?
Can we finance the addition to our home?
Can we go camping again this summer?
Can we semi-automatize the semantic tagging process?
Can we totalize these different ideas into one philosophy?
Can we wade across the river to the other side?
Can you accommodate me with a rental car?
Can you account for all these absences?
Can you act on this matter soon?
Can you advance me some money?
Can you afford this car?
Can you arrange a meeting with the President?
Can you back up your claims?
Can you close the cracks with caulking?
Can you clue me in?
Can you conceive of him as the president?
Can you connect the two loudspeakers?
Can you count the books on your shelf?
Can you decipher this letter?
Can you disambiguate this statement?
Can you disentangle the cord?
Can you divide 49 by seven?
Can you document your claims?
Can you draw her out--she is always so quiet
Can you drive this four-wheel truck?
Can you enlighten me--I don't understand this proposal
Can you express this distance in kilometers?
Can you fax me the report right away?
Can you fit the toy into the box?
Can you follow her argument?
Can you group these shapes together?
Can you help me carry this table?
Can you help me organize my files?
Can you help out tonight with the dinner guests?
Can you interpret the speech of the visiting dignitaries?
Can you jump over the fence?
Can you live on $2000 a month in New York City?
Can you locate your cousins in the Midwest?
Can you meet me at the train station?
Can you move the car seat forward?
Can you park right here?
Can you play on this old recorder?
Can you quantify your results?
Can you read Greek?
Can you see the bird in that tree?
Can you shlep this bag of potatoes upstairs?
Can you shrink this image?
Can you spell out your middle name instead of just giving the initial?
Can you stand the bookshelf up?
Can you take this bag, please
Can you taste the garlic?
Can you think what to do next?
Can you tinker with the T.V. set--it's not working right
Can you translate the instructions in this manual for a layman?
Can you transpose this fugue into G major?
Can you unscramble the message?
Can you wait on our table, please?
Can you wash away the spots on the windows?
Can you work an electric drill?
Can't you take a joke?
Canada adjoins the U.S.
Canada is a member of the United Nations
Canadian tariffs enabled United States lumber companies to raise prices at home
Cancel the election results
Cannulate the blood vessel in the neck
Carbonated soft drinks
Carl Sagan popularized cosmology in his books
Carmelite monasteries
Carnegie had a lake excavated for Princeton University's rowing team
Carpal tunnel syndrome
Carry all before one
Carry on the old traditions
Carry the ball
Carter appointed Shirley Hufstedler as the first Secretary of Education
Carter derecognized Taiwan in 1979 after the U.S. recognized the People's Republic of China
Carter followed Ford
Carter remains the only President in recent history under whose Presidency the U.S. did not fight a war
Cartesian linguistics
Carthaginian peace
Carve a flower from the ice
Castro sovietized Cuba
Catalan independence movement
Catalan poetry
Catch a glimpse
Catch a show on Broadway
Catch some sleep
Catch the attention of the waiter
Catch the ball!
Catholics sometimes fast during Lent
Caucasian languages
Certain rights can never be granted to the government but must be kept in the hands of the people
Cesarean sections are sometimes the result of abnormal presentations
Cezanne's still life of apples
Chad soldiers
Chadian folktales
Chain the chairs together
Chanel designed the famous suit
Change before you go to the opera
Changes are impending
Charlie likes to play Mary
Chattering teeth
Check out the engine
Check the growth of communism in South East Asia
Check whether the train leaves on time
Check your coat at the door
Cheese it!
Chew your food and don't swallow it!
Chicago set the homicide record
Chicago's gold coast is along Lake Michigan
Children acquire language at an amazing rate
Children are not permitted beyond this point
Children have to be socialized in school
Children learn early on to categorize
Children must develop a sense of right and wrong
Children often copy their parents or older siblings
Children photograph well
Chilean volcanoes
Chill the food
China broke with Russia
China has many camps for political prisoners
China is wooing Russia
China keeps down her dissidents very efficiently
Chinese characters are ideograms
Chinese food
Chinese is a tonal language
Chinese is written logogrammatically
Choose a good husband for your daughter
Chop wood
Chris beeswaxed the kitchen table
Christ is risen!
Christian rites
Christians refer to the mother of Jesus as the Virgin Mary
Christians refer to themselves as gentiles
Christmas falls on a Monday this year
Christmas has become a commercialized spectacle
Christmas rolled around again
Christmas was in the air
Chuck these old notes
Chukaku-Ha attacks tend to cause property damage rather than casualties
Cigar butts littered the ground
Cigarettes are rationed
Cinderella did the dirty work while her sisters preened themselves
Classify these documents
Claudius was the first to invade Britain with distinct...intentions of conquest
Clean the spots off the rug
Clean the stove!
Clean the turkey
Clean up before you go to the party
Clear a path through the dense forest
Clear snow from the road
Clear the building
Clear the manuscript for publication
Clear the ship and let it dock
Clear the throat
Clear up the question of who is at fault
Clear your desk
Clinton directed his fire at the Republican Party
Clinton smoked marijuana but never inhaled
Clinton was criticized for his promiscuous solicitation of campaign money
Close the door
Clothes make the man
Clothing is not taxed in our state
Clytemnestra's ghost crying in the night for vengeance remained most potently in the audience's mind
Cockney rhyming slang
Cockney street urchins
Code the pieces with numbers so that you can identify them later
Coffee and tea stimulate me
Colombian coffee
Come a little sooner, if you can
Come here now!
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
Come with me to the Casbah
Comfort keynotes this designer's Fall collection
Command the military forces
Common sense is not so common
Communist Party
Companies will now stampede to release their latest software
Concord the conditions for the marriage of the Prince of Wales with a commoner
Conditions in the slum worsened
Conditions in the slums degenerated
Confederate soldiers
Confirm thy soul in self-control!
Confucian ethics
Congolese rulers
Congress condensed the three-year plan into a six-month plan
Congress officially changed the name from Bedloe's Island to Liberty Island in 1956
Congress reenacted the law
Congress shall have power to provide for calling forth the militia
Congress...gave the impression of...a confusing sum of disconnected local forces
Congressional repudiation of the treaty that the President had negotiated
Congressional seats are reapportioned on the basis of census data
Congreve draws a debauched aristocratic society
Connect the TV so we can watch the football game tonight
Consider the following case
Constantine I is the eponym for Constantinople
Consult your local broker
Contact between the young was inhibited by strict social customs
Contain the rebel movement
Cook me dinner, please
Copenhagen is sometimes called the Paris of the North
Corn doesn't grow here
Correct the mistakes
Could her scarred mind ever be free of fear?
Could you bring the wine?
Could you clarify these remarks?
Could you convert my dollars into pounds?
Could you develop the ideas in your thesis
Could you please duplicate this letter for me?
Could you please specify your criticism of my paper?
Could you see about lunch?
Count on the monsoon
Count the cash in the drawer twice just to cover yourself
Count your change
Cows need to be milked every morning
Cox-2 inhibitors reduce the symptoms of arthritis without endangering the stomach and kidneys
Cracow was a transalpine university
Crater Lake is in the crater of a dead volcano of the Cascade Range
Crazed ceramics
Cream the butter
Create one a peer
Cremate a corpse
Creole cooking
Creole grammars
Croatian villages
Cross the name of the dead person off the list
Crowds were massing outside the palace
Cuban rum
Cultivate your musical taste
Customers lined up in front of the store
Cut corners to make a cheaper product
Cut out the extra text
Cut the rope
Cyclopean eye
Cynthia was inexorable; she would have none of him
Cypriot expatriates
Cypriote monasteries
Cyril and Method alphabetized the Slavic languages
Cyrillic writing
Czechoslovak nationalists
D-day is considered the dominating event of the war in Europe
DNA is the king of molecules
DNA is the substance of our genes
Dad nixed our plans
Dadism and ultramodern art
Dallas had enough of a lead to hold the Broncos off
Dancing flames
Danger threatens
Danish furniture
Danny's preferred name is `Dan'
Darfur was a semi-independent sultanate until 1917 and is ethnically distinct from central Sudan
Darkness enclosed him
Darth Vader of the dark side
Darwin challenged the fixity of species
Darwinian theories
Darwinian thought
Dave developed leadership qualities in his new position
David is called The Psalmist because he is believed to be the author of the Book of Psalms
Dawn comes early in June
Dead bodies strewed the ground
Death walked the streets of the plague-bound city
December 31 is the deadline for applications
Decorate the room for the party
Define `sadness'
Defrost the car window
Delphic oracle
Delphic pronouncements
Democratic apparatchiks
Democratic senator
Demotic script was eventually replaced by Greek
Deng Xiao Ping was purged several times throughout his lifetime
Deng Xiao Ping was rehabilitated several times throughout his lifetime
Denitrify the soil
Depend on your family in times of crisis
Depress the space key
Derek Jacobi was Hamlet
Desires are to be satisfied only so far as consists with an approved end
Detroit ruggedized the family car
Develop the function in the following form
Dickens had humorously suggested a special service of intercession at St. Paul's Cathedral
Dickens's relatively healthful exuberance
Did I fail the test?
Did he go through with the treatment?
Did his face say anything about how he felt?
Did the molester penetrate the child?
Did this condition pre-exist?
Did this event register in your parents' minds?
Did you catch the thief?
Did you ever climb up the hill behind your house?
Did you ever lecture at Harvard?
Did you ever ride a camel?
Did you ever visit Paris?
Did you find your glasses?
Did you gallop the horse just now?
Did you get my meaning?
Did you know that she is seeing an older man?
Did you register any change when I pressed the button?
Did you score last night?
Did your boss write you up?
Did your latest book appear yet?
Die out leather for belts
Dig we must
Dinner at Joe's always involves at least six courses
Dinosaurs died out
Dirt had coated her face
Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental
Disney's stories entertain adults as well as children
Disregard the errors
Distant clouds opalesce like pale brocade
Distinguished English subjects are buried in Westminster Abbey
Djiboutian landscape
Djiboutian merchants
Do my room in blue
Do right by her
Do school counselors subvert young children?
Do these facts correlate?
Do you appreciate the full meaning of this letter?
Do you care to try this dish?
Do you carry kerosene heaters?
Do you communicate well with your advisor?
Do you comprehend the meaning of this letter?
Do you control these data?
Do you have anything to declare?
Do you know my sister?
Do you know the poem well enough to recite it?
Do you really think so?
Do you remember that he once loved you?
Do you smoke?
Do you want to work after the age of 60?
Doctors used to put people under by chloroforming them
Does a constellation twinkle more brightly than a single star?
Does she pay you for the work you are doing?
Does she realize how important this decision is?
Does the old man still kick around?
Does this material wash?
Does this old car still run well?
Does this restaurant fit the bill for the celebration?
Does your husband know how to cook?
Dominican monks
Don Roberto
Don't abuse the system
Don't always pick on your little brother
Don't antagonize your boss
Don't bawl in public!
Don't be so serious!
Don't be so worried all the time--just let go!
Don't behave like a fool
Don't belittle his influence
Don't bolt your food!
Don't bother the professor while she is grading term papers
Don't bother, please
Don't delay your application to graduate school or else it won't be considered
Don't despair--help is on the way!
Don't digress when you give a lecture
Don't disturb him--he is creating
Don't disturb the patient's wounds by moving him too rapidly!
Don't drink the water--it's contaminated
Don't drop the dishes
Don't dwell on the past
Don't fiddle with the screws
Don't fight it!
Don't force it!
Don't forget to call the chairman of the board to the meeting!
Don't get wise with me!
Don't handle the merchandise
Don't hyperextend your elbow
Don't interrupt me when I'm reading
Don't involve me in your family affairs!
Don't jiggle your finger while the nurse is putting on the bandage!
Don't just sit by while your rights are violated!
Don't knock the food--it's free
Don't let yourself be lulled into a false state of security
Don't lie to your parents
Don't make this into a big deal
Don't meddle in my affairs!
Don't misinterpret my comments as criticism
Don't mistake her for her twin sister
Don't overprotect your son--he is an adult now!
Don't overreact to the bad news--take it easy
Don't oversimplify the instructions
Don't oversimplify the problem
Don't overtax my constituents!
Don't pay any attention to him--he is always posing to impress his peers!
Don't pay him any mind
Don't pry into my personal matters!
Don't relax your efforts now
Don't ride me so hard over my failure
Don't ride the clutch!
Don't rock the boat or it will capsize!
Don't romanticize this uninteresting and hard work!
Don't run--you'll be out of breath
Don't rush me, please!
Don't scratch your insect bites!
Don't sell your students short--they are just shy and don't show off their knowledge
Don't sentimentalize the past events
Don't shake your fist at me!
Don't stay up so late--you have to go to work tomorrow
Don't strain your mind too much
Don't tell him any secrets--he cannot keep his mouth shut!
Don't touch my CDs!
Don't train your camera on the women
Don't trespass on my land!
Don't trivialize the seriousness of the issue!
Don't try to dress up the unpleasant truth
Don't twist my words
Don't underestimate the danger of such a raft trip on this river
Don't underestimate the value of this heirloom-you may sell it at a good price
Don't untune that string!
Don't violate my garden
Don't worry about the expensive wine--I'm treating
Dona Marguerita
Douse the lights
Down's syndrome is an eponym for the English physician John Down
Dozens of incidents of wife beatings are reported daily in this city
Dr. Jones emphasizes exercise in addition to a change in diet
Draconian measures
Drag up old stories
Draw blood and pus
Draw me a horse
Drive a nail into the wall
Drive away potential burglars
Drive carefully--the wet road reflects
Dubyuh has no sprachgefuhl
Due to the accident, the road had to be closed for several hours
Dun & Bradstreet is the largest mercantile agency in the United States
Dupont designs for the house of Chanel
During Ramadan, Muslims avoid tobacco during the day
During WW II, Japanese were interned in camps in the West
During his stay at the ashram he was spiritualized
During the Cold War, the Soviets routinely barrage jammed to interfere with transmissions from the West
During the Inquisition, the torturers would stretch their victims on a rack
During the bris, the baby boy is circumcised
During the earthquake people looted the stores that were deserted by their owners
During the sandstorm, they hunkered down in a small hut
Dutch Reformed theology
Dutch painters
Dutch painting
Dyslexics often transpose letters in a word
E-mail revolutionized communication in academe
ELN kidnappers target foreign employees of large corporations
Each oar was tugged by several men
Each step told on his tired legs
Early Modern English is represented in documents printed from 1476 to 1700
Earth is the most massive of the terrestrial planets
East German spies
Eastern Europe
Eating artichokes kills the taste of all other foods
Ecuadorian folklore
Edit a book on lexical semantics
Edmund Randolph was the first Attorney General, appointed by President Washington
Edwardian furniture
Eight days intervened
Einstein was one of the outstanding figures of the 20th centurey
Einstein's monumental contributions to physics
Einstein, the illustriously famous physicist of the 20th century
Elections figure prominently in every government program
Elephants are trumpeting
Elizabeth II is the head of state in Great Britain
Elizabeth's accession in 1558
Elizabethan music
Elizabethan schoolboys were taught adoxography, the art of eruditely praising worthless things
Emotions were screwed up
Empty the box
Empty the water
Energy is conserved in this process
England marches with Scotland
England still expects a modicum of eccentricity in its artists
English history
English literature
English preposes the adpositions; Japanese postposes them
English public schools are anachronistic
English stills bears the imprint of the Norman invasion
English usage
Englishmen like to visit the Continent but they wouldn't like to live there
Enough horsing around--let's get back to work!
Epicurean philosophy
Eritrean civil war
Erosion has truncated the ridges of the mountains
Erosion listed the old tree
Erosion wore away the surface
Esau sold his birthright to Jacob for a mess of pottage
Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $2 billion
Ethiopian immigrants
Euclidian geometry
Europe considered as a whole
Europe was antagonistic to the Unites States
European Community
European children learn the breast stroke; they often don't know how to crawl
European emigres, who notoriously used to repair to the British Museum to write seditious pamphlets
Europeans colonized Africa in the 17th century
Europeans often laugh at American energy
Euterpe was his muse
Ever since I spoke up, my colleagues ostracize me
Every Monday, we put our recycling out on the curb for pick-up
Every creature that breathes
Every detail has been thought out
Every star seemed to flare with new intensity
Every summer they are backpacking in the Rockies
Every summer, we visited our relatives in the country for a month
Every time her husband gets drunk, she suffers
Every year the local orchestra and choir perform the `Messiah' and the audience is invited to sing along
Everyone helped out during the earthquake
Everything redounded to his glory
Exercise is invigorating
Exercise makes one sweat
Exhale when you lift the weight
Expansive materials
Experiments show clearly that genes segregate
Experts were called in
Expose your students to art
Express-mail the documents immediately
Extend your backyard
Extend your right arm above your head
Fagin was a fence who trained boys as pickpockets
Fall colored the trees
Fall in love
Fall weather often overcasts our beaches
Fallopian tubes and ovaries are adnexa of the uterus
Falsify a claim
Fame redounds to the heroes
Familiarity with danger makes a brave man braver but less daring
Families cocoon around the T.V. set most evenings
Farmer Jones plowed his east field last week
Fashion designers have masculinized women's looks in the 1990s
Father carved the ham
Father exploded a bombshell when he forbade us to go to the prom
Father had to learn how to change the baby
Fear God as your father
Fear clogged her mind
Fear of illness haunts her
Fear paralyzed her
Fear petrified her thinking
Fear seized the prisoners
Feb. 29 is an intercalary day
Federal forces
Feed the guests the nuts
Feed the starving children in India
Feel this soft cloth!
Felix became a herpetologist instead
Fibbing is not acceptable, even if you don't call it lying
Fighter planes are screaming through the skies
Fijian folktales
File these bills, please
Finnish architecture
Fire had devoured our home
First Joe led; then we switched
Fischer challenged Spassky to a match
Flag this file so that I can recognize it immediately
Flemish painters
Florentine art
Flowers adorned the tables everywhere
Focus the light on this image
Fog enveloped the house
Fold the egg whites into the batter
Follow a pattern
Follow my example
Follow these simple rules
Food is airlifted into Bosnia
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread
For tax purposes you can write off the laser printer
For the exam, you must be able to regurgitate the information
For vengeance I would do nothing. This nation is too great to look for mere revenge
For whom the bell tolls
Ford pardoned Nixon
Form cylinders from the dough
Format this letter so it can be printed out
Fort Worth is a neighbor of Dallas
Fortunately, I missed the hurricane
Foster our children's well-being and education
France held undisputed dominion over vast areas of Africa
Franciscan monks
Frank Lloyd Wright liked to cantilever his buildings
Fred Winter is unquestionably the jockey to follow
Freeze the assets of this hostile government
Freeze the leftover food
French cooking
French fries come with the hamburger
French the potatoes
Freud believed in the utility of play to a small child
Freud thought of cathexis as a psychic analog of an electrical charge
Freud's psychoanalytical theories
Freud's work stands at the crossroads between psychology and neurology
Freudian theories
Friday is a sabbatical day for Muslims
Friday the 13th is an unlucky date
Fritter away one's inheritance
Fudge the figures
Fundamentalists threaten to perturb the social order
Funds are granted to qualified researchers
GRAPO is vehemently opposed to the United States
Gabonese hills
Gabonese writers
Gain an understanding of international finance
Galileo knew that the earth moves around the sun
Galileo theorized the motion of the stars
Gallic migrations
Gambian game parks
Gas escaped into the bedroom
Gas is running low at the gas stations in the Midwest
Gas leaked into the basement
Gas up the car
Gases bubbled up from the earth
Gaudi's fantastic architecture
Gaussian distribution
George Orwell predicted that political dissidents would be treated as unpersons
George Washington is the father of his country
George chopped down the cherry tree
George's poised hammer
Georgia was shaken up in the Tech game
Georgian farmers
Georgian peach farmers
Georgian vowels
Gerald shook his head doubtfully
German is an inflected language
German literature
German philosophers
German universities
Germanic mythology
Germany once had a solid economy, good fiscal and monetary policies, and a hard currency
Germany unified officially in 1990
Germany was always a bugbear for France
Germany was denazified after WW II
Germany was unable to pay the reparations demanded after World War I
Get a load of this pretty woman!
Get busy--don't dally!
Get cracking, please!
Get down on your knees!
Get going!
Get me those books over there, please
Get out your best dress--we are going to a party!
Get permission to take a few days off from work
Get rid of these old shoes!
Get the children ready for school!
Get working as soon as the sun rises!
Get your results the next day
Ghana was colonized as the Gold Coast by the British
Ghanaian cocoa production
Ghosts could never affright her
Gibraltarian customs office
Gielgud appears briefly in this movie
Gielgud played Hamlet
Gilbertian libretti
Give a gulp
Give bond
Give him my best regards
Give one's name
Glover tapdances better than anybody
Glut the country with cheap imports from the Orient
Gnostic writings
Go away before I start to cry
Go by this rule and you'll be safe
God bless this union
God has no need of men to accomplish His work
God interposed death
God is the first cause
God knows how he did it, but he did climbed that steep wall
God rarely reveal his plans for Mankind
God reprobated the unrepenting sinner
God shed His grace on Thee
God takes away your sins
God will remit their sins
God wills our existence
God's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners
God's infinite wisdom
Goering often hunted wild boars in Poland
Gold was rated highly among the Romans
Google represents a new breed of entrepreneurs
Google uses text-matching to find web pages containing a particular text
Got me--I don't know the answer!
Gothic migrations
Government and business could not agree
Government reaches out to the people
Goya wanted to portray his mistress, the Duchess of Alba
Grab power
Grab the elevator door!
Grandmother always treated us to the circus
Grandmother dotes on the twins
Grant won a decisive victory in the battle of Chickamauga
Great heat can ignite almost any dry matter
Greed and ambition composed his personality
Greek mythology
Greek wines are often resinated
Greenland's topology has been shaped by the glaciers of the ice age
Greetings, comrade!
Grief fell from our hearts
Grimm showed how the consonants shifted
Grosvenor Place
Grosvenor Terrace
Guatemalan coffee
Guinean borders
Gunny invariably tried to bite her
Gut the building
Gutenberg's reproduction of holy texts was far more efficient
HDTV looks the same but it's really a whole new ballgame
HTML is an initialism for HyperText Markup Language
Had crimes include apostasy from Islam and murder and theft and adultery
Haitian shantytowns
Halt the engines
Halt the process
Halve the cake
Hamlet's assumed antic disposition
Hammurabi codified the laws
Handel achieves a huge breadth of musical thought when composing almost mechanistically in the least weighty of styles
Handle the press reporters gently
Hang one's head in shame
Hang that picture on the wall
Hang wallpaper
Happiness means everything
Harry finally seduced Sally
Harry made Sally
Harvard defeated Yale in the last football game
Harvard's ivied buildings
Has he asked you out yet?
Have I eaten enough?
Have a look at this!
Have another bowl of chicken soup!
Have the students been apprised of the tuition hike?
Have you logged in lately?
Have you made friends yet in your new environment?
Have you memorized your lines for the play yet?
Have you priced personal computers lately?
Have you read Salman Rushdie?
Have you signed your contract yet?
Have you stuffed the turkey yet?
Hawaii is calling!
Hawaii's insular culture
He abandoned the thought of asking for her hand in marriage
He absented himself
He accelerated the car
He aced his opponents
He acted foolishly when he agreed to come
He acted illegitimately when he increased the rent fourfold
He acted in `Julius Caesar'
He acted the idiot
He actioned the operation
He added an appealing and memorable figure to popular American mythology
He addressed the crowd outside the window
He admitted his errors
He admonished the child for his bad behavior
He agreed to leave her alone
He aimed his fists towards his opponent's face
He alleged that he was the victim of a crime
He allied himself with the Communists
He alluded to the problem but did not mention it
He always addresses me with `Sir'
He always wears a smile
He and his sons haven't communicated for years
He angers easily
He annotated on what his teacher had written
He announced the winners of the spelling bee
He apologized for the many typoes
He appended a glossary to his novel where he used an invented language
He applied for a leave of absence
He applied this racial slur to me!
He appraised the situation carefully before acting
He arrived only to find his wife dead
He asekd me to a dance
He assassinated his enemy's character
He associates with strange people
He assumed to himself the right to fill all positions in the town
He assumes the lotus position
He availed himself of the available resources
He averaged a C
He backed out of his earlier promise
He backed out of the driveway
He bamboozled his professors into thinking that he knew the subject well
He barred the door
He bated his breath when talking about this affair
He became annoyed when he heard the bad news
He beetled up the staircase
He began early in the day
He belted his opponent
He biased his presentation so as to please the share holders
He bilked his creditors
He blazed away at his opponents in the Senate
He blazed away at the men
He blew a lot of money on his new home theater
He blundered his stupid ideas
He blurted out the secret
He bought back the house that his father sold years ago
He bounced to his feet
He bowed before the King
He bowed out when he heard how much work was involved
He bowed out when he realized he could no longer handle the demands of the chairmanship
He breathed new life into the old house
He brings out the best in her
He bristled at her suggestion that he should teach her how to use the program
He broke in the door
He broke open the picnic basket
He broke out in hives
He broke out shouting
He broke the glass plate
He brought in a new judge
He brushed the wall lightly
He bulled through his demands
He buried his head in her lap
He burst out of the house into the cool night
He burst upon our conversation
He busted my radio!
He butted his sister out of the way
He called his trump
He called me a bastard
He called my name
He came across very clearly
He came all the way around the base
He came around to our point of view
He came charging into my office
He came singing down the road
He can hold his liquor
He can hold his own in graduate school
He can smell out trouble
He cannot carry a tune
He cannot stomach raw fish
He canonizes women
He cantered the horse across the meadow
He caressed her face
He carried himself upright
He cast a young woman in the role of Desdemona
He caught the allusion in her glance
He changed his name
He charged her with cleaning up all the files over the weekend
He charged his weapon at me
He checked my kings
He checked the flow of water by shutting off the main valve
He choked down his rage
He churns out papers, but they are all about the same topic
He claimed he could divine underground water
He claimed his suitcases at the airline counter
He claimed that he killed the burglar
He clears $5,000 each month
He clings to the idea that she might still love him.
He closed out his line of sports cars
He clouted his attacker
He co-opted the criticism and embraced it
He comes from a place near Chicago
He communicated his anxieties to the psychiatrist
He complied with my instructions
He complimented her on her last physics paper
He conceived of a robot that would help paralyzed patients
He conducted us to the palace
He contended that Communism had no future
He contented himself with one glass of beer per day
He coughed up some money for his children's tuition
He could never replicate his brilliant performance of the magic trick
He could not bring himself to call his parents
He could not keep up and dropped out of the race
He could not touch the meaning of the poem
He could not work the math problem
He could recite the names of all the chemical elements
He could tell that she was unhappy
He countered with some very persuasive arguments
He cozened the money out of the old man
He cradled the infant in his arms
He cradles the child in his arms
He created a new movement in painting
He cried his merchandise in the market square
He crooked his index finger
He cut the paper lengthwise
He dangled the ornaments from the Christmas tree
He dashed the plate against the wall
He deals fairly with his employees
He dealt me the Queen of Spades
He decided to play along with the burglars for the moment
He decked his opponent
He declared that he needed more money to carry out the task he was charged with
He declared that he was innocent
He decreased his staff
He deflected his competitors
He denied his fatal illness
He denied the allegations
He denounced the Nazis
He denounced the government action
He derided his student's attempt to solve the biggest problem in mathematics
He deserves to be called on that
He despises the people he has to work for
He developed a new kind of apple
He dictated a report to his secretary
He did not take kindly to my critical remarks
He did not trouble to call his mother on her birthday
He did not want to be pinnacled
He did not want to subject himself to the judgments of his superiors
He did not want to write the letter and procrastinated for days
He did six years for embezzlement
He didn't figure her
He dipped into his pocket
He dipped into the pool
He directed all his energies into his dissertation
He directed the children to do their homework
He disappeared without a trace
He disclaimed any responsibility
He disinvested himself of his garments
He disobeyed his supervisor and was fired
He dispatched the task he was assigned
He disposed of these cases quickly
He dodged the issue
He doesn't know how to use a computer
He doffed his hat
He doubled and vomited violently
He downed three martinis before dinner
He dragged me away from the television set
He dragged the big suitcase behind him
He dreamt a strange scene
He drew a base on balls
He drew a circle around the points
He drew a line on the chart
He drew an elaborate plan of attack
He drew great benefits from his membership in the association
He drew her hair through his fingers
He drew himself up when he talked to his superior
He drew the crying child close
He drives a bread truck
He drives me mad
He drowned the kittens
He dunked the ball
He eased himself into the chair
He edged towards the car
He eked out a living as a painter
He eked out his meager pay by giving private lessons
He eked out his years in great poverty
He eked out some information from the archives
He embodies all that is evil wrong with the system
He ended up marrying his high school sweetheart
He enfeoffed his son-in-law with a large estate in Scotland
He engineered the water supply project
He ensconced himself in the chair
He entertained the notion of moving to South America
He established a dummy company through which he laundered vast sums of cash from shady middlemen and arms dealers
He etched her image into the surface
He explained the laws of physics to his students
He exploit the new taxation system
He faced the terrible consequences of his mistakes
He fagotted the blouse for his wife
He fed on the great ideas of her mentor
He feeds on her insecurity
He feigned that he was ill
He fell for her charms
He fell for the con man's story
He fell to his knees
He felt for his wallet
He felt his flesh crawl
He felt his way around the dark room
He felt new emotions emerge
He felt regret
He felt the girl in the movie theater
He felt the wind
He filled me in on the latest developments
He filled up on turkey
He finally bestirred himself
He finally could free the legs of the earthquake victim who was buried in the rubble
He finally got around to painting the windows
He finally settled down
He finished the dishes
He fitted other pieces of paper to his cut-out
He fixates on his mother, even at the age of 40
He flew about the place
He flipped when he heard that he was being laid off
He floated the logs down the river
He flopped into a chair
He flung himself onto the sofa
He foisted his work on me
He followed his lecture with a question and answer period
He forged ahead
He formulated his concerns to the board of trustees
He fought for breath
He fulminated against the Republicans' plan to cut Medicare
He fumbled towards the door
He gave her his word
He gave his life for his children
He gave me a lot of trouble
He gave the first of many toasts at the birthday party
He gave the patient three months to live
He gave the sign to start
He gesticulated wildly
He gestured his desire to leave
He gets off on shoes
He glanced at her meaningfully
He goes to bed at the crack of dawn
He googled the woman he had met at the party
He got 5 years in prison
He got AIDS
He got a girl into trouble
He got back his son from the kidnappers
He got his arm broken in the scuffle
He got his squad on the ball
He got into his jeans
He got off the best line I've heard in a long time
He got well fast
He grew a beard
He grimaced when he saw the amount of homework he had to do
He gripped the steering wheel
He grows vegetables in his backyard
He grunted his reluctant approval
He guessed the right number of beans in the jar and won the prize
He gulped for help after choking on a big piece of meat
He habilitated after his sabbatical at a prestigious American university
He had an insulin shock after eating three candy bars
He had finally convinced several customers of the advantages of his product
He had misquoted the politician
He had sent the dispatches downtown to the proper people and had slept
He had taken this woman when she was most vulnerable
He had to appear in court last month
He had to ask directions several times
He had vastly overestimated his resources
He hared down the hill
He has a job disk-jockeying on the weekend
He has been womanizing for years
He has congeed with the King
He has got two beautiful daughters
He has high blood pressure and must stick to a low-salt diet
He has money to burn
He heaped him with work
He held out for the dessert and did not touch the cheeses
He held out his hand
He held the governorship for almost a decade
He hemmed and hawed when asked to address the crowd
He hired himself out as a cook
He hit .300 in the past season
He hit a home run
He hit her hard in the face
He hitched up his socks and pants
He hived lots of information
He hobnobs with the best of society
He hollered out to surrender our weapons
He hopped rides all over the country
He hopped the bush
He hugged her close to him
He humiliated his colleague by criticising him in front of the boss
He identified his brother as one of the fugitives
He identified with the refugees
He immersed himself into his studies
He implemented a new economic plan
He impregnated his wife again
He inclined his ear to the wise old man
He inclined to corpulence
He initiated a new program
He injected new life into the performance
He insinuated himself into the conversation of the people at the nearby table
He instructed me in building a boat
He insulted her with his rude remarks
He interceded in the family dispute
He introverted his feelings
He invoked the law that would save him
He is Jewish
He is a brilliant pianist but he cannot sightread
He is a herpetologist
He is always kowtowing to his boss
He is always well-groomed
He is asking $200 for the table
He is asking for trouble with his behavior
He is auditioning for `Julius Caesar' at Stratford this year
He is balding already
He is basically dishonest
He is blind--he cannot see
He is cataloguing his photographic negatives
He is dating his former wife again!
He is emulating the skating skills of his older sister
He is grooming his son to become his successor
He is hoeing the flower beds
He is implicated in the scheme to defraud the government
He is keeping three women in the guest cottage
He is known to be good at trouble-shooting
He is known to harry his staff when he is overworked
He is lording it over the students
He is meditating in his study
He is overrefining this matter
He is paging in Congress this summer
He is planning a trip with his family
He is playing his cards close to his chest
He is probably out of the country
He is reputed to be intelligent
He is retraining to become an IT worker
He is spoiling for a fight
He is studying geology in his room
He is suffocating--living at home with his aged parents in the small village
He is training our Olympic team
He is trifling with her
He is writing his book and is holing up in his study
He jawed his bubble gum
He joined the Communist Party as a young man
He jumped into the game
He just stood by when the police beat up the demonstrators
He keeps the shop when I am gone
He kept note of the location of the soldiers
He kept up on his country's foreign policies
He kicked the extra point after touchdown
He killed the ball
He kited many checks
He knocked over the red wine, thereby ruining the table cloth
He knocked the glass clear across the room
He landed several blows on his opponent's head
He lapsed his membership
He launched into a long diatribe
He lay there, snoring and whistling
He leaned his rifle against the wall
He leapfrogged his classmates
He left behind all his possessions when he moved to Europe
He left six children
He left the Senate after two terms
He left the decision to his deputy
He left the house...for the support of twelve superannuated wool carders
He levelled the score and then surged ahead
He lied and did not even scruple about it
He lifted a war whoop
He lived overseas for many years
He loaded his gun carefully
He locked his hands around her neck
He looped the watch through his belt
He lost his wife in the bargain
He lured me into temptation
He made a fool of himself at the meeting
He made as if to shake my hand
He made some sexual advances at the woman in his office and groped her repeatedly
He made to speak but said nothing in the end
He maintained his innocence
He makes a great host
He makes no bones about the fact that he is gay
He managed to multiply his profits
He maneuvered to get the chairmanship
He manipulated public opinion in his favor
He manufactured a popular cereal
He marched into the classroom and announced the exam
He masked his disappointment
He matured fast
He maximized his role
He mediated a settlement
He messed up his room
He misread the data
He missed school for a week
He misses his mother
He misspent his youth
He moderated his tone when the students burst out in tears
He monopolizes the laser printer
He mopped her forehead with a towel
He mopped up the floor with his opponents
He moved his hand slightly to the right
He moved out of danger
He muddled the issues
He muscled his way into the office
He muscled into the union
He nailed down a spot at Harvard
He navigated his way to the altar
He needled her with his sarcastic remarks
He never acknowledges his colleagues when they run into him in the hallway
He never contacted his children after he emigrated to Australia
He never socializes with his colleagues
He never tires of playing that video
He nodded his approval
He nursed his cold with Chinese herbs
He nursed his injured back by lying in bed several hours every afternoon
He nursed the flowers in his garden and fertilized them regularly
He objected to the allowance of smoking in the dining room
He offered his opinion
He offered his sympathy
He often courses hares
He often jokes even when he appears serious
He opened the meeting with a long speech
He oscillates between accepting the new position and retirement
He outbraved the enemy
He outdistanced the other runners
He overcame his infirmity
He overcame his shyness
He overdid it last night when he did 100 pushups
He overestimated his own powers
He overextended himself when he accepted the additional assignment
He owns three houses in Florida
He paced up and down the hall
He packed on two pounds over the summer
He painted a painting of the garden
He painted his mistress many times
He palavered her into going along
He passed himself off as a secret agent
He passed his hands over the soft cloth
He passed his professor in the hall
He pasted his opponent
He peeled off his blood-soaked shirt
He peeped at the woman through the window
He performed unsatisfactorily as a manager
He picked his way carefully
He picked up the book and started to read
He pieced at the sandwich all morning
He piggybacked her child so she could see the show
He pinched her behind
He pitched his voice very low
He planked himself into the sofa
He planked the money on the table
He plans to be in graduate school next year
He planted a knee in the back of his opponent
He played $20 on the new horse
He played with the idea of running for the Senate
He plays around with investments but he never makes any money
He plays his two children off against each other
He plays the flute
He plumped for the Labor Party
He plumped in on a Sunday morning
He plumped out of the house
He pocketed the change
He pointed to the empty parking space
He popped in for two minutes
He popped me on the head
He popped out for a quick coffee break
He popped out to shortstop
He popped the champagne bottle
He popped the petit-four into his mouth
He posited three basic laws of nature
He potted the palm
He pranked himself out in his best clothes
He prefaced his lecture with a critical remark about the institution
He premised these remarks so that his readers might understand
He pressed down on the boards
He prevailed upon her to visit his parents
He prides himself on making it into law school
He procrastinated the matter until it was almost too late
He procured extra cigarettes even though they were rationed
He professed innocence but later admitted his guilt
He progressed well in school
He projected his feelings
He promised that no harm would befall her
He proposed a new plan for dealing with terrorism
He provides for his large family by working three jobs
He psalms the works of God
He pulled up the car in front of the hotel
He purged continuously
He pushed her to finish her doctorate
He pushed the table into a corner
He put all his efforts into this job
He put her to the torture
He put on 1,000 miles on this trip
He put on his best suit for the wedding
He put out the same for seven managers
He put over the idea very well
He quoted the Bible to her
He raked up the misdeeds of his predecessor
He ran afoul of the law
He ran his eyes over her body
He ran to safety
He rarely washes, and he smells
He re-assumed his old behavior
He re-read her letters to him
He readapted himself
He reaffirmed his faith in the church
He really extended himself when he climbed Kilimanjaro
He really got into semantics
He received Christ
He reconditioned the old appliances
He reduced the population to slavery
He refrained from hitting him back
He refused my offer of hospitality
He reined in his horses in front of the post office
He reinvented African music for American listeners
He relaxed in the hot tub
He relived the horrors of war
He remained unmoved by her tears
He remembered her in his will
He removed his children to the countryside
He repainted the same scenery many times during his life
He repainted the wall after the child smeared it with tomato sauce
He repaired to his cabin in the woods
He replaced the old razor blade
He replanted the seedlings
He represented this book as an example of the Russian 19th century novel
He represents the Government's position
He reproduced the feeling of sadness in the portrait
He resigned himself to his fate
He rested his bad leg
He restocked his land with pheasants
He resurrected the tango in this remote part of Argentina
He rethought his decision to take a vacation
He retired at age 68
He retired from chess
He retracted his earlier statements about his religion
He revived this style of opera
He revoked the ban on smoking
He rides his bicycle to work every day
He rides the subway downtown every day
He ridged his corn
He rolled up in a black Mercedes
He rushed down the hall to receive his guests
He said he could quote several instances of this behavior
He said it was too late to intervene in the war
He said that he wanted to marry her
He sailed the Pacific all alone
He sang drunkenly
He sank into bed
He sank into nirvana
He sank to his knees
He sat out the game
He sat up in bed
He saves half his salary
He scattered gun powder under the wagon
He scolded about anything that he thought was wrong
He scored a 200
He scratched off a thank-you note to the hostess
He searched for information on his relatives on the web
He seemed irritated at Edouard's questions but, apart from that, sublimely unconcerned
He seemed to commune with nature
He segued into another discourse
He separated the fighting children
He sequestered himself in his study to write a book
He served as head of the department for three years
He served his master devotedly
He served the church
He settled the farm 200 years ago
He shammed a headache
He shelled the pitcher for eight runs in the first inning
He shifted in his seat
He shortened his trip due to illness
He should avoid publishing his wife's memories
He should interact more with his colleagues
He shouldered his way into the crowd
He showered her with presents
He shuffled his funds among different accounts in various countries so as to avoid the IRS
He signed his disapproval with a dismissive hand gesture
He signed to play the casino on Dec. 18
He signified his wish to pay the bill for our meal
He simply stared down his opponent
He skipped a row in the text and so the sentence was incomprehensible
He slackened his pace as he got tired
He slacks his attention
He slammed the book on the table
He slammed the door shut
He slated his talk for 9 AM
He slid the money over to the other gambler
He slipped me the key when nobody was looking
He slipped some money into the waiter's hand
He slowed down the car
He slugged in bed all morning
He slugged me so hard that I passed out
He slumped onto the couch
He slurped his soup
He smashed a 3-run homer
He sneaked in under cover of darkness
He sold his house in January
He sought to improve himself
He spelled the word wrong in this letter
He spent the day drawing in the garden
He splayed his huge hands over the table
He spoke highly of her
He spoke kindly to the boy
He sprang these news on me just as I was leaving
He spread fertilizer over the lawn
He spruced up for the party
He squared his shoulders
He squeezed her for information
He squeezed my hand
He staggered along in the heavy snow
He stays home on weekends
He stepped on the hem of her long gown
He stiffened when he saw his boss enter the room
He stood back to look at her
He stood up for his friend
He stooged for the flamboyant Senator
He strode confidently across the hall
He stroked his long beard
He struck out on his own
He struck the table with his elbow
He struts around like a rooster in a hen house
He stuck the needle into his finger
He stultified himself by contradicting himself and being inconsistent
He subjected me to his awful poetry
He suborned his butler to cover up the murder of his wife
He suddenly appeared at the wedding
He suddenly popped up out of nowhere
He suffered the penalty
He supplicated the King for clemency
He supported me with one hand while I balanced on the beam
He surprised an interesting scene
He surveyed his new classmates
He survived the cancer against all odds
He swallowed his words
He swindled me out of my inheritance
He swung back
He swung his left fist
He tacked together some verses
He takes the bus to work
He takes the cake for chutzpah!
He talks down to her
He tames lions for the circus
He tapped me on the shoulder
He tensed up when he saw his opponent enter the room
He tested positive for HIV
He thinks of himself as a brilliant musician
He thought of a reply but let it go
He thought up a plan to get rich quickly
He threatened me when I tried to call the police
He threw down his gun and fled
He thrust his chin forward
He thumbed through the report
He tipped off the police about the terrorist plot
He tithed his income to the Church
He told on his classmate who had cheated on the exam
He took first prize
He took to visiting bars
He took up herpetology at the age of fifty
He touched his toes to the horse's flanks
He trained as a legal aid
He trained his gun on the burglar
He transformed into a monster
He translates for the U.N.
He trenched his military camp
He tried to balloon around the earth but storms forced him to land in China
He tried to crystallize his thoughts
He tried to shake off his fears
He tries to hit on women in bars
He trips every weekend
He trusted her clear steadiness that she would do what she said
He turned around to face his opponent
He turned over the prisoner to his lawyers
He turned the handle and jerked the door open
He turned traitor
He turns a blind eye to the injustices in his office
He twanged his bow
He twanged the guitar string
He twiddled his thumbs while waiting for the interview
He uncurled himself
He unsealed the letter
He uprose at night
He uttered a curse
He uttered strange sounds that nobody could understand
He verified that the valves were closed
He versified the ancient saga
He voiced his concern
He volunteered the information
He voted for the motion
He vouched his words by his deeds
He vowed never to drink alcohol again
He walks around with his nose in the air
He walks the horse up the mountain
He wanted to be the first
He wants to avenge the murder of his brother
He warmed to the idea of a trip to Antarctica
He was about to mingle in an unpleasant affair
He was accused of soliciting his colleagues to destroy the documents
He was all washed up after the exam
He was already called 4 times for jury duty
He was always full of far-fetched plans, none of which ever worked
He was appointed deputy manager
He was balancing on one foot
He was baronetized for his loyalty to the country
He was barred from membership in the club
He was billed as the greatest tenor since Caruso
He was broken down to Sergeant
He was burning to try out his new skies
He was caught out
He was chafing at her suggestion that he stay at home while she went on a vacation
He was condemned to ten years in prison
He was decorated for his services in the military
He was detoxified in the clinic
He was devastated by his grief when his son died
He was dignified with a title
He was disabled in a car accident
He was expelled from his native country
He was faced with all the evidence and could no longer deny his actions
He was flying high during the summer months
He was found guilty but appealed immediately
He was galloping down the road
He was hampered in his efforts by the bad weather
He was inebriated by his phenomenal success
He was inured to the cold
He was locked in a laughing fit
He was lounging on the sofa
He was not sensitized to her emotional needs
He was partially paralyzed
He was processed by the sheriff
He was proclaimed King
He was recast as Iago
He was renamed Minister of the Interior
He was reposing on the couch
He was roused by the drunken men in the street
He was rusticated for his bad behavior
He was seized with a dreadful disease
He was shaken from his dreams
He was showered with praise
He was similarly affected
He was slated for borough president
He was smartly dressed
He was smitten with love for this young girl
He was snookered by the con-man's smooth talk
He was sobbing inconsolably
He was starkly unable to achieve coherence
He was stricken with cancer when he was still a teenager
He was strip-searched at the airport
He was strong-armed by the policemen
He was tied down by his work
He was trapped in a difficult situation
He was unsuitably hatted
He was visited with a terrible illness that killed him quickly
He was warned that the district attorney would process him
He washes down his worries with a nightly glass of whisky
He wasted his inheritance on his insincere friends
He waved his hand hospitably
He waved off suggestions of impropriety
He went ahead with the project
He whisked into the house
He whooshed the doors open
He will make a fine father
He will make a splendid father!
He will raise the roof when he hears this
He won in a vote along party lines
He won the Gold Medal in skating
He wondered who had built this beautiful church
He wore a red ribbon
He wrestled all his life with his feeling of inferiority
He wrote about his great love for his wife
He wrote four novels
He zeroed in his rifle at 200 yards
He zoomed in on the book
He's come a long way
He's held by a contract
He's off every Tuesday
He's rather good at playing the cello
Health care should be socialized!
Heart disease can get the best of us
Heat makes you sweat
Heat radiated from the metal box
Heavy fog hung over the valley
Hebrew vowels
Heed the advice of the old men
Helen Keller felt the physical world by touching people and objects around her
Helen's timeless beauty
Hell is paved with good intentions
Hemingway favors active constructions
Hence loathed Melancholy.../In Stygian cave forlorn
Henriette saw the weaving figure of an Apache warrior reel nakedly on a pony and rush by with a rifle raised
Henry Clay was known as the Great Compromiser
Henry IV solicited the Pope for a divorce
Henry VIII reigned for a long time
Henry's nickname was Slim
Her Britannic Majesty
Her Ladyship
Her Majesty's loyal opposition
Her action amounted to a rebellion
Her actions set in motion a complicated judicial process
Her agent had booked her for several concerts in Tokyo
Her ambition was to be in moving pictures or `the movies'
Her anger got the better of her and she blew up
Her arguments dazzled everyone
Her arms closed around her long lost relative
Her arms were flailing
Her arteries are blocked
Her bad deed followed her and haunted her dreams all her life
Her behavior points to a severe neurosis
Her behavior provoked a quarrel between the couple
Her behavior testified to her incompetence
Her big brother always bullied her when she was young
Her blood left a stain on the napkin
Her bloom was fading
Her boss intimidates her
Her boyfriend let her down when he did not propose marriage
Her business grew fast
Her charm disarmed the prosecution lawyer completely
Her childish behavior really get to me
Her children always backed her up
Her company developed a new kind of building material that withstands all kinds of weather
Her condition deteriorated
Her confidence eroded
Her day begins with a workout
Her dream really materialized
Her efforts will redound to the general good
Her entire attention centered on her children
Her eyes fixated on a point on the horizon
Her eyes glaze over when she is bored
Her eyes glazed over from lack of sleep
Her eyes were tearing
Her face fell when she heard that she would be laid off
Her face glowed when she came out of the sauna
Her face radiated with happiness
Her face was pockmarked by the disease
Her faced puffed up from the drugs
Her fate moved us all
Her feelings condensed
Her feet blistered during the long hike
Her former friend became her worst enemy
Her former friends now avoid her
Her gesture emphasized her words
Her good looks attract the stares of many men
Her gratitude welded her to him
Her greed led her to forge the checks
Her hair began to grey
Her hair fell across her forehead
Her hand went up and then fell again
Her health is declining
Her heart misgave her that she had acted inexcusably
Her heart was beating fast
Her heart was throbbing
Her husband completely dominates her
Her husband disavowed her after 30 years of marriage and six children
Her husband is ranching in Arizona
Her husband often abuses alcohol
Her husband poisoned her drink in order to kill her
Her husband reappeared after having left her years ago
Her interest in butterflies absorbs her completely
Her jaw dropped
Her little brother apes her behavior
Her long black hair flowed down her back
Her long skirt brushed the floor
Her manager had set her up at the Ritz
Her mind ferments
Her money went on clothes
Her mood settled into lethargy
Her new collection of poems was not well received
Her new novel jumped high on the bestseller list
Her new show dog swept all championships
Her nylons were running
Her old fears reassailed her
Her old vigor returned
Her opinion carries a lot of weight
Her optimism neutralizes his gloom
Her optimism whistled away these worries
Her pain completely mastered her
Her performance in school picked up
Her perfume lingered on
Her persistence and ambition only matches that of her parents
Her playing brought down the house
Her plays are underperformed, although they are very good
Her presence instilled faith into the children
Her presence lends a certain cachet to the company
Her recent divorce may explain her reluctance to date again
Her remarks confused the debate
Her reputation was sullied after the affair with a married man
Her results approximate my own
Her rudeness intensified his dislike for her
Her savings dwindled down
Her sharp questions punctuated the speaker's drone
Her shoes won't hold up
Her smile betrayed her true feelings
Her smile denoted that she agreed
Her son is just bumming around all day
Her spirits rose when she heard the good news
Her stomach ulcerated
Her stomach was ulcerated
Her strange behavior condemned her
Her success feeds her vanity
Her surprise did not register
Her swept her away
Her tactless remark offended me
Her tears moiled the letter
Her terror was magnified in her mind
Her throat constricted
Her tooth chipped
Her vague, amorphous statement of her predicament was part of what made it so hard for her to solve it
Her violent feelings palpitated the young woman's heart
Her voice booms out the words of the song
Her voice broke to a whisper when she started to talk about her children
Her voice carries very well in this big opera house
Her voice deepened when she whispered the password
Her words pierced the students
Her work in the developing world radicalized her
Her worries had silvered her hair
Here the author is quoting his colleague
Hermes was their psychopomp
Hertzian discoveries
Hesperian culture
Hey buster, what's up?
Hillary Clinton nee Rodham
Hills constellated with lights
Himalayan peaks
Hindus believe that we transmigrate
His Lordship
His accomplishments go far
His admiration fed her vanity
His advisers soft-pedaled the president's blunder
His anger exploded
His back shaved the counter in passing
His bad manners detract from his good character
His behavior has patented an embarrassing fact about him
His behavior is maddening
His behavior really miffed me
His behavior verges on the criminal
His belief in God governs his conduct
His body rejected the liver of the donor
His body strengthened
His body was deformed by leprosy
His book commingles sarcasm and sadness
His breath came hard
His brother blocked him at every turn
His business went to pot when economy soured
His campaign bid for the attention of the poor population
His campaign was riddled with accusations and personal attacks
His children failed him in the crisis
His colleagues worked out his interesting idea
His critics took him down after the lecture
His daughter always overachieves
His daughters are virtually imprisoned in their own house; he does not let them go out without a chaperone
His deep voice boomed through the hall
His devotion to his sick wife condemned him to a lonely existence
His dimple appeared whenever he smiled
His dislike for raw fish only deepened in Japan
His earnings shrank
His efforts carried the entire project
His efforts finally paid off
His employer garnished his wages in order to pay his debt
His enthusiasm cooled considerably
His eyes brimmed with tears
His eyes picked up his smile
His eyes popped
His eyes watered
His eyes were glistening
His eyes were glued on her
His eyes were watering
His face assumed an expression of sublime conceit
His face was harlequined with patches
His fellow workers razzed him when he wore a jacket and tie
His financial success encouraged him to look for a wife
His fingers worked with tension
His foot callused
His forefinger darted in all directions as he spoke
His former students roasted the professor at his 60th birthday
His freedom served him well
His glasses rode high on his nose
His good luck finally left him
His good upbringing really shows
His grades suffered
His gun cracked
His hair and teeth fell out
His hand sliced through the air
His hands were grained with dirt
His hands were trembling when he signed the document
His head was severed from his body
His heart fibrillated and he died
His heart palpitated
His heroic deeds were nationalized by the press
His high fever attested to his illness
His job suffocated him
His knees buckled
His knees wobbled
His knowledge doesn't go very far
His lack of interest in the project reflects badly on him
His late start set him back
His laughter infects everyone who is in the same room
His laziness has bottlenecked our efforts to reform the system
His legs should be fomented
His life now hangs by a thread
His line double drove in Jim Lemon with the winning run
His look caught her
His lying really gets me
His military training desensitized him
His mind deteriorated
His mind groped to make the connection
His mind re-creates the entire world
His modesty distinguishes him from his peers
His moods vary depending on the weather
His mother was Eurasian, and his father Chinese
His mouth dropped open
His movie received a good review
His name comes to mind when you mention the strike
His name was mentioned in connection with the invention
His need for a meal resurged
His new Mercedes was keyed last night in the parking lot
His new car has infatuated him
His nose streamed blood
His nostrils palpitated
His novel trots out a rich heiress
His opponent hooked him badly
His ostensible purpose was charity, his real goal popularity
His paintings commend him to the artistic world
His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage
His playing approaches that of Horowitz
His playing stamps him as a Romantic
His political ideas color his lectures
His pupils were dilated
His remark stung her
His remarks played to the suspicions of the committee
His residences spread-eagle the entire county
His resistance was broken
His retina detached and he had to be rushed into surgery
His role was to stooge for the popular comedian
His sense of smell failed him this time
His sharp nose jutted out
His skills offset his opponent's superior strength
His snoring kept me from falling asleep
His speech did not sway the voters
His stock earning quadrupled
His stomach bulged after the huge meal
His story completely involved me during the entire afternoon
His strength finally failed him
His talent shines
His throat inflamed
His tone shifted
His tongue lolled
His two singles gave the team the victory
His urgent letter finally brought me around to give money to the school
His vision was impaired
His voice began to change when he was 12 years old
His voice carried a lot of anger
His voice projects well
His voice took on a sad tone
His voice wobbled with restrained emotion
His whole frame suffused with a cold dew
His wife bed hops
His wife declared at once for moving to the West Coast
His wife officiated as his private secretary
His words echoed John F. Kennedy
His words jumbled
His words woke us to terrible facts of the situation
His work lay dormant for many years
His work preoccupies him
Hispanics predominate in this neighborhood
Hitchcock movies horripilate me
Hitler annexed Lithuania
Hitler attacked Poland on September 1, 1939 and started World War II
Hitler blitzed Poland
Hitler invaded Poland on September 1, 1939
Hitler nazified Germany in the 1930's
Hitler took the Baltic Republics
Hitler wanted Nordic people to rule Europe
Hitler wanted to exterminate the Jews, Gypsies, Communists, and homosexuals of Europe
Hitler's attack on Poland led up to World War II
Hold on a moment!
Hold that position behind the trees!
Hold the bridge against the enemy's attacks
Hold the fire extinguisher directly on the flames
Hold the horse
Hold the taxi
Hold this bowl for a moment, please
Hollywood has grown too sophisticated to turn out anything really amusingly bad these days
Hollywood is reconverting old films
Hollywood philandering
Hollywood seems full of curvaceous blondes
Homeric Greek
Homes in our town are reappraised every five years and taxes are increased accordingly
Homo erectus was formerly called Pithecanthropus erectus
Homo sapiens appeared millions of years ago
Honesty recommends any person
Hook up the components of the new sound system
Hop the Pacific Ocean
Horowitz could play Chopin memorably
Horowitz is performing at Carnegie Hall tonight
Horses used to tow barges along the canal
Hot water will shrink the sweater
Houses bearded the top of the heights
How are these two observations related?
How are we going to deal with this problem?
How are you making out in graduate school?
How can I disentangle myself from her personal affairs?
How could I miss that typo?
How dare you call my lawyer?
How did you like the President's speech last night?
How did you obtain the visa?
How do speakers pluralize nouns in Japanese?
How do the elections figure in the current pattern of internal politics?
How do you evaluate this grant proposal?
How do you interpret his behavior?
How do you spell this word?
How do you utilize this tool?
How does one access the attic in this house?
How does she get around without a car?
How does she look?
How does this shirt fit?
How does this song go again?
How does your idea work in practice?
How fast does your new car go?
How is it going?
How is she doing in her new job?
How many books have you ghostwritten so far?
How many cars does she have?
How many credits is this student carrying?
How many people are carried on the payroll?
How many people has she employed?
How many people turned out that evening?
How many times does 18 go into 54?
How much do you charge for lunch?
How much do you make a month in your new job?
How much does this savings certificate pay annually?
How much does your wife take home after taxes and other deductions?
How nice to see you again!
How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is / To have a thankless child!
How should I take this message?
How should algae be classified?
How weary, flat, stale, and unprofitable / Seem to me all the uses of this world
How will the election drama be played out?
How will the game turn out?
How would you classify these pottery shards--are they prehistoric?
How would you rate his chances to become President?
Hubel and Wiesel have found cells that respond differentially according to the direction in which a stimulus is moved across the retina
Hudson pointed his ship down the coast of the newfound sea
Hug me, please
Hundreds of actors were melting into the scene
Hundreds of thousands turned out for the anti-war rally in New York
Hungarian folk music
Hunger bloated the child's belly
Hurl'd headlong...To bottomless perdition, there to dwell
Husband and wife co-signed the lease
Hyaline casts were admixed with neutrophils
Hydra was slain by Hercules
I absolve you from this responsibility
I abstain from alcohol
I acquired a passing knowledge of Chinese
I acquired a strong aversion to television
I adjoin a copy of your my lawyer's letter
I admired his buoyancy and persistent good humor
I admired the carefulness of his work
I admired the exquisite refinement of his prose
I admired the fit of her coat
I admired the keenness of his mind
I advised him that the rent was due
I agree with you there
I aim to arrive at noon
I allow for this possibility
I always carry money
I always choose the fish over the meat courses in this restaurant
I always felt sneakingly that I wanted to be a concert pianist
I always keep batteries in the freezer
I am accumulating evidence for the man's unfaithfulness to his wife
I am afraid we have witnessed only the first phase of the conflict
I am allocating a loaf of bread to everyone on a daily basis
I am brimful of chowder
I am busy right now--can you call back in an hour?
I am carrying his child
I am contented
I am foreswearing women forever
I am going nowhere
I am guessing that the price of real estate will rise again
I am leasing my country estate to some foreigners
I am licensed to practice law in this state
I am milking this for all it's worth
I am never at ease with strangers
I am not minded to answer any questions
I am not of your persuasion
I am not using the word pejoratively
I am overlooking her work
I am pining for my lover
I am positive he is lying
I am promoting the use of computers in the classroom
I am proud of my contribution in advancing the project
I am reading a good book on economics
I am ready to work
I am relinquishing my bedroom to the long-term house guest
I am sated
I am saving for a rainy day
I am sensible that the mention of such a circumstance may appear trifling
I am standing my ground and won't give in!
I am still hoping that all will turn out well
I am tied to UNIX
I am willing to accept certain restrictions on my movements
I apologized for being late
I appealed to the law of 1900
I applaud your efforts
I applied my attention prosaically to my routine
I apply this rule to get good results
I appreciated his follow-through on his promise
I approve of his educational policies
I asked for a hot drink
I asked for a raise and they gave me bugger-all
I asked him jokingly whether he thought he could drive the Calcutta-Peshawar express
I asked him point-blank whether he wanted the job
I assume his train was late
I assured him that traveling to Cambodia was safe
I attacked the problem as soon as I got out of bed
I attended an interesting talk on local history
I attest this signature
I baby-sit the neighbor's plants when she is out of town
I backed Kennedy in 1960
I beat the traffic
I beg to differ!
I beg you to stop!
I began to write intermittently and spasmodically
I belatedly wished her a happy birthday
I believe her to be very smart
I believe that he will come back from the war
I believed his report
I bet $100 on that new horse
I bet she will be there!
I bit my lip miserably and nodded
I blundered during the job interview
I botched the dinner and we had to eat out
I bought a knockdown chest at the do-it-yourself store
I bought some more of these deliciously sweet peaches
I bought this car very cheaply
I bought this house not because I want to live in it but to sell it later at a good price, so I am speculating
I broke in the new intern
I broke my foot while playing hockey
I brought my camera along
I bruised my knee
I built a birdhouse in shop
I built this house single-handedly
I bungled it!
I buy food wholesale
I called her twice
I called you thrice last night
I came to realize the true meaning of life
I can breathe better when the air is clean
I can count my colleagues in the opposition
I can deal with this crew of workers
I can hardly hear what she is saying
I can live here rent-free
I can never remember movie titles
I can only go so far before I have to give up
I can only go so far with this student
I can see a risk in this strategy
I can see what will happen
I can sell it to you wholesale
I can unreservedly recommend this restaurant!
I can't account for the missing money
I can't afford to spend two hours with this person
I can't agree with you!
I can't back this plan
I can't buy this story
I can't eat bagels without slathering them with cream cheese
I can't follow your line of reasoning
I can't hack it anymore
I can't help myself--I have to smoke
I can't make out the faces in this photograph
I can't meet with you today
I can't read his strange behavior
I can't remember saying any such thing
I can't see him on horseback!
I can't seem to learn these Chinese characters
I can't think what her last name was
I can't tolerate people of his ilk
I can't use this tool
I cannot accept the defeat--I want to get even
I cannot accept the dogma of this church
I cannot accept your invitation
I cannot allow you to see your exam
I cannot baby-sit tonight; I have too much homework to do
I cannot bear his constant criticism
I cannot connect these two pieces of evidence in my mind
I cannot correlate these two pieces of information
I cannot digest all this information
I cannot digest milk products
I cannot envision him as President
I cannot extricate myself from this task
I cannot find my gloves!
I cannot get to the T.V. antenna, even if I climb on the roof
I cannot interrelate these two events
I cannot judge some works of modern art
I cannot keep track of all my employees
I cannot make out what this politician is saying
I cannot narrow down the rules for this game
I cannot overemphasize the importance of this book
I cannot pretend to say that you are wrong
I cannot relate these events at all
I cannot retain so much information
I cannot say `zip wire'
I cannot sleep--my daughter's health is worrying me
I cannot think it a hardship that more indulgence is allowed to men than to women
I cannot work a miracle
I carry a lot of life insurance
I carry her image in my mind's eye
I carry these thoughts in the back of my head
I cashed the check as soon as it arrived in the mail
I caught a rabbit in the trap today
I caught him with a solid shot to the chin
I caught the aroma of coffee
I caught the hem of my dress in the brambles
I caught up on my homework
I chanced to meet my old friend in the street
I commend my children to you
I commit my soul to God
I concluded from his awkward constructions that he was a foreigner
I condition my hair after washing it
I consider her to be shallow
I contemplated leaving school and taking a full-time job
I cook and my husband washes up after dinner
I could clearly see myself in his situation
I could freeze to death in this office when the air conditioning is turned on
I could hear several melodic strands simultaneously
I could no longer tolerate his impudent double-crossing
I could not discriminate the different tastes in this complicated dish
I could not get a word in edgewise
I could not think of him in disassociation from his wife
I could perceive the ship coming over the horizon
I could recognize his plod anywhere
I could see her clearly in my mind's eye
I could see it in the distance
I could see the dandruff on her shoulders
I could see the roof of the bear's mouth
I could tell from their headshakes that they didn't believe me
I could tell that it was his wish that the guests leave
I could understand his English in spite of his grammatical faults
I couldn't believe her boldness
I couldn't follow his train of thought
I couldn't follow the direction of his thoughts
I couldn't get across the message
I couldn't get his words out of my head
I couldn't get out from under these responsibilities
I couldn't shake the car that was following me
I couldn't store all the books in the attic so I sold some
I couldn't tell what the thing was
I cuddled the baby
I dare you!
I decided his double was a bluff
I demand an explanation
I deplore this hostile action
I despair at the flightiness and whimsicality of my memory
I detected a slight accent in his speech
I did my job
I did this by choice
I did this piece in wood to express my love for the forest
I didn't catch your name
I didn't eat yet, so I gladly accept your invitation
I didn't enjoy it and probably wasn't a pleasant person to be around
I didn't grasp the meaning of that enigmatic comment until much later
I didn't have time to finish
I didn't hear zilch about it
I didn't hold a good hand all evening
I didn't want to show undue excitement
I directed them towards the town hall
I disapprove of her child rearing methods
I disliked him and the feeling was mutual
I do it for the fun of it
I do it for the pun of it
I don't care
I don't dare call him
I don't drink much
I don't feel entirely settled here
I don't give a hoot
I don't have any money left
I don't have even a dollar!
I don't know anyone who could have behaved so abominably
I don't know either
I don't know how it started; in any case, there was a brief scuffle
I don't know how to sign, so I could not communicate with my deaf cousin
I don't know the figures off-hand
I don't know what happened to it; anyway, it's gone
I don't know what the new man will do; he's still an unknown quantity
I don't know what to do--I may as well flip a coin!
I don't know whether I can make it in science!
I don't like the looks of this place
I don't like words that have -ism as an ending
I don't mind your behavior
I don't need help, I'm just browsing
I don't never go
I don't see the situation quite as negatively as you do
I don't take orders from you!
I don't take sugar in my coffee
I don't travel much
I don't understand the idea
I don't want to get involved
I don't want to go to a restaurant; besides, we can't afford it
I donated blood to the Red Cross for the victims of the earthquake
I doubt that she will accept his proposal of marriage
I doubt these reports
I draw a line here
I draw the line when it comes to lending money to friends!
I dug up an old box in the garden
I elected to have my funds deposited automatically
I envied his rapid buildup of assets
I envied his talent for acquiring
I establish the colors and principal values by organizing the painting into three values--dark, medium...and light
I estimate this chicken to weigh three pounds
I expect my students to arrive in time for their lessons
I expected a brief account
I extracted a promise from the Dean for two new positions
I faced a tradeoff between eating and buying my medicine
I faced the knotty problem of what to have for breakfast
I fail to see the humor in it
I fail to understand your motives
I fall back dazzled at beholding myself all rosy red, / At having, I myself, caused the sun to rise.
I fear I won't make it to your wedding party
I fear she might get aggressive
I fear the results of the final exams
I fear the winters in Moscow
I feel a lot better
I feel better
I feel like a cold beer now
I feel like staying in bed all day
I feel stuffed
I feel that he doesn't like me
I feel worse today
I felt calm and more composed than I had in a long time
I felt healthy and very feminine carrying the baby
I felt partly to blame
I felt pure and sweet as a new baby
I felt so bad I went to see my doctor
I felt the same way
I finally got through this homework assignment
I finally got used to my husband's odd habits
I finally settled with my old enemy
I find him to be obnoxious
I find his obsequiousness repellent
I fingered my boss and found that he is not logged on in the afternoons
I flinched at the nastiness of his wound
I followed in his steps
I for one feel very grateful
I forbid you to call me late at night
I forewarned him of the trouble that would arise if he showed up at his ex-wife's house
I forgave him his infidelity
I forgive you your debt
I forgot my umbrella in the restaurant
I found myself in a difficult situation
I found myself vis-a-vis a burly policeman
I found the movie rather entertaining
I found this gadget that will serve as a bottle opener
I freckle easily
I frequently find myself disoriented when I come up out of the subway
I gather you have not done your homework
I gave at the office
I gave her my money
I gave him a bit of my mind
I gave him a clout on his nose
I gave him a good box on the ear
I gave him a punch in the nose
I gave him a smart salute
I gave him a very good chance at success
I gave him the drug
I gave him the once-over
I gave it a whirl
I gave the waiter my order
I gave them my candid opinion
I gave two sons to the war
I gave voice to my feelings
I get up at 7 A.M. every day
I give you two minutes to respond
I go for this resolution
I got a ticket for speeding
I got an upgrade to first class when coach class was full
I got annoyed and just walked off
I got carried away when I saw the dead man and I started to cry
I got funny spots all over my body
I got hold of these tools to fix our plumbing
I got it at 30% off the list price
I got nothing but trouble for my good intentions
I got promoted after many years of hard work
I got some great bargains at their annual sale
I got the news thirdhand
I grant you this much
I guess I can squeeze by on this lousy salary
I guess she is angry at me for standing her up
I guess this is one of my off-days
I had a brush with danger on my way to work
I had a creepy-crawly feeling
I had a dream about you last night
I had a feeling that she was lying
I had a restless night
I had a strange feeling in my leg
I had allotted my own bedroom for necking, prudently removing both the bed and the key, and taken both myself and my typewriter into my son's bedroom.
I had known her before
I had misestimated his determination
I had no further trade with him
I had the feeling that he was waiting, too--serenely patient
I had this desk custom-made for me
I had to bone up on my Latin verbs before the final exam
I had to break a $100 bill just to buy the candy
I had to co-sign his note at the bank
I had to dip into my savings to buy him this present
I had to liquidate my holdings to pay off my ex-husband
I had to miss the last of the movie
I had to play my queen
I had to stay at home and watch the children
I had to wait on line for an hour to get the tickets
I had unrestricted access
I hadn't seen him in a month of Sundays
I happen to have just what you need!
I happened upon the most wonderful bakery not very far from here
I hate Mexican food
I hate to hear the crying of a child
I have a gripe about the service here
I have a woman who comes in four hours a day while I write
I have an exam next week; I must hit the books now
I have an hour free
I have been to you a true and humble wife, at all times to your will conformable
I have clear title to this property
I have confidence in our team
I have decided that the course of conduct which I am following is consistent with my sense of responsibility as president in time of war
I have dibs on that last slice of pizza
I have given this tailor my custom for many years
I have it on good authority
I have known him all his life
I have learned that whatever state I am, therewith to be content
I have lived a kind of hell when I was a drug addict
I have money, just in case
I have never been to China
I have not budgeted for these expensive meals
I have outgrown these clothes
I have some filing to do
I have something personal to tell you
I have sworn off cigarettes altogether
I have this pipe dream about being emperor of the universe
I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock
I have to give my props to the governor for the way he handled the problem
I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts
I have to level with you
I have to make up a French exam
I have to minister to my mother all the time
I have to sound out the new professor
I have to translate when my in-laws from Austria visit the U.S.
I have trouble remembering the names of all my acquaintances
I have two years left
I have yet to see the results
I have you on my calendar for next Monday
I haven't been there for years and years
I heard about it only secondhand or thirdhand
I heard his explanation of the accident
I heard it viva voce
I heard this story firsthand
I hereby declare you man and wife
I hold him personally responsible
I hold to these ideas
I hold with those who say life is sacred
I hope she understands that she cannot expect a raise
I hope the list key is going to surface again
I hope this message hits home!
I hope to become one of their number before I die
I hope to have finished this work by tomorrow evening
I hope you will come home for Christmas
I horripilate when I see violence on television
I imagine she earned a lot of money with her new novel
I implicitly trust him
I importune you to help them
I include you in the list of culprits
I informed him of his rights
I inherited a castle from my French grandparents
I inherited my good eyesight from my mother
I inquired about their special today
I insinuated that I did not like his wife
I invited them around for supper
I invited them to a restaurant
I just can't see your point
I just can't take it anymore
I just don't get him
I just heard the update on the unemployment figures
I keep a car in the countryside
I keep off drugs
I keep track of the stock market developments
I kept myself up all night studying for the exam
I kept your little secret to myself all these years
I knew I could count on his understanding
I knew his name perfectly well but I had a temporary block
I know Latin
I know better.
I know him under a different name
I know it's time
I know sweet Fanny Adams about surgery
I know that I left the key on the table
I know that the President lied to the people
I know the feeling!
I know this voice!
I learned Sanskrit
I learned that she has two grown-up children
I left my keys inside the car and locked the doors
I let him off the hook with a mild reprimand
I let it be known that I was not interested
I like jogging
I like my chili extra spicy
I like my martinis straight up
I like my nephews
I like to go fishing on weekends
I like to look ahead in imagination to what the future may bring
I like to treat myself to a day at a spa when I am depressed
I limit you to two visits to the pub a day
I listened to his words very closely
I lived through two divorces
I loathe that man
I look forward to seeing you
I look to hear from you soon
I lost my wallet; this was during the visit to my parents' house
I lost the opportunity to spend a year abroad
I lost thousands of dollars on that bad investment!
I love French food
I love cooking
I love sailing, especially on the open sea
I love you so
I lucked out and found the last parking spot in the lot
I made the students feel different about themselves
I make the height about 100 feet
I managed his campaign for governor
I managed to carry the box upstairs
I managed to get out a few words
I marveled at the trueness of his aim
I maxed out on all my credit cards
I may be an hour
I mean no harm
I meant it facetiously
I meet this men every day on my way to work and he salutes me
I mentioned that problem earlier
I merely drew an etymological distinction
I met the junior senator from Illinois and I was duly impressed
I met this really handsome guy at a bar last night!
I might well do it
I miscalculated the number of guests at the wedding
I misplaced my eyeglasses
I misread Hamlet all my life!
I misremembered the date
I missed him sorely
I missed that remark
I missed the concert
I missed the turnoff and went 15 miles out of my way
I mistook her for the secretary
I mulled over the events of the afternoon
I must attend to this matter
I must insist!
I must regretfully decline your kind invitation
I must see the job through
I must see your passport before you can enter the country
I need a rub up on my Latin
I need some fresh air
I need some pepper to complement the sweet touch in the soup
I need to charge my car battery
I need to give it a good think
I need to mature my thoughts
I need to rest for a piece
I need to structure my days
I never discount these books-they sell like hot cakes
I never laughed, being bashful; lowering my head, I looked at the wall
I never sat on a horse before but I'll give it a go
I nodded dumbly and he slit the envelope
I offered to help with the dishes but the hostess would not hear of it
I offered to leave the committee if they did not accept my proposal
I only just caught the bus
I only meant to help you
I only peeked--I didn't see anything interesting
I paid four dollars for this sandwich
I paid with a twenty and pocketed the change
I photographed the scene of the accident
I picked up after a nap
I picked up some food for a snack
I played in `A Christmas Carol'
I played no role in your dismissal
I pleaded with him to stop
I pledge my honor
I pledge that I will honor my wife
I pledged $10 a month to my favorite radio station
I plumped for the losing candidates
I prefer to buy second hand
I presuppose that you have done your work
I prize these old photographs
I profited from his example
I promise you my best effort
I pulled a muscle in my leg when I jumped up
I put the questions, and she answered them placidly
I put these memories with those of bygone times
I put up with a lot of bullshit from that jerk
I questioned him about his whereabouts on the night of the crime
I ran into the telephone pole
I rarely attend services at my church
I rarely lose a left-hand glove
I rarely premeditate, which is a mistake
I rather regret that I cannot attend
I read a portion of the manuscript
I read him the riot act
I read this address as a satire
I read you loud and clear!
I really care about my work
I really caught it the other day!
I really dislike this salesman
I reassured him that we were safe
I rediscovered the books that I enjoyed as a child
I regarded his campaign for mayor as a joke
I regret I can't come to the party
I regret to say that you did not gain admission to Harvard
I reject the idea of starting a war
I remain unconvinced
I report to work every day at 9 o'clock
I reported her to the supervisor
I represent the silent majority
I requested information from the secretary
I requested that she type the entire manuscript
I resent having to carry her all the time
I resented his withholding permission
I reserve the right to disagree
I reserved a table at my favorite restaurant
I respect his judgement
I retain this drug for a long time
I returned the appliance because it was defective
I reviewed the material before the test
I ride to work in a bus
I said to him to go home
I salute your courage!
I saw a cougar slinking toward its prey
I saw him last in London
I saw the bet of one of my fellow players
I saw through his little game from the start
I say let's forget this whole business
I scheduled an exam for this afternoon
I see from all the yawn smotherers that it is time to stop
I see that you have been promoted
I see the lights of a town ahead
I seem to be misunderstood by everyone
I sense his hostility
I sensed the real meaning of his letter
I sent for the sergeant of the platoon both men were in and asked him to try to find out discreetly what lay behind this
I sent them my sincere congratulations on their marriage
I served him three times, and after that he helped himself
I set off these words by brackets
I shall discuss the question herein
I shall have to accept these unpleasant working conditions
I shall never forget this day
I shall not dignify this insensitive remark with an answer
I shall treasure it always
I should proofread my manuscripts
I showed the customer the glove section
I shy away from this task
I singed my eyebrows
I skipped it because it was too much aggro
I smell trouble
I snagged my stocking
I snapped up all the good buys during the garage sale
I soaked in the hot tub for an hour
I soon tumbled to the fact that my weekends were atypical
I spade compost into the flower beds
I spend my pocket money in two days
I spent a decadent day at a spa
I spent the morning running errands
I splurged on a new TV
I spoke prematurely
I spoke to him only an hour ago
I squared with him
I squeezed myself into the corner
I stand corrected
I stared at him numbly
I start at eight in the morning
I start my day with a good breakfast
I still have not come to grips with the death of my parents
I still have one good leg
I still owe for the car
I stood enthralled, astonished by the vastness and majesty of the cathedral
I stumbled across a long-lost cousin last night in a restaurant
I submit to you that the accused is guilty
I subscribe to your view on abortion
I surmised that the butler did it
I suspect he is a fugitive
I suspect her true motives
I swallowed my anger and kept quiet
I swallowed the insult
I sweated off 3 pounds in the sauna
I talked to her by long distance
I talked to him on the telephone
I tasked him with looking after the children
I taught them French
I tell you that man is a crook!
I therein do rejoice, yea, and will rejoice
I think I'm well; at least I feel well
I think he is very smart
I think he paints very badly
I think it a less evil that some criminals should escape than that the government should play an ignoble part
I think that he is her boyfriend
I think that is a load of cobblers
I think that she is too judgmental to be a good therapist
I think they're asleep; anyhow, they're quiet
I thought he owned the property, but apparently not
I thought she had just been in a bad mood for thirty years, but the doctor called it dysthymia
I thought to find her in a bad state
I thought we were partners, not victim and victimizer
I threw out the remains of my dinner
I throw away all mail addressed to `resident'
I told him cold turkey
I told him truthfully that I had just returned from my vacation
I told him, quite untruthfully, that I had just returned from leave
I took over his practice when he retired
I took the cigarette he offered, drawing at it raggedly
I took the noon flight to Chicago
I transferred my stock holdings to my children
I traveled on shank's mare
I treated his advances as a joke
I tried to bury these unpleasant memories
I tried to call you all night
I tried to describe his appearance to the police
I tried to follow her prescription for success
I tried to keep the child away from the pool
I tried to supply his wants
I trust you will behave better from now on
I try to avoid the thronged streets and stores just before Christmas
I try to economize my spare time
I try to reach out to my daughter but she doesn't want to have anything to do with me
I turned around and there, a few hundred feet away, was our government minder, Li Wong Su, huffing and puffing toward us
I turned my ankle and couldn't walk for several days
I turned the controls over to her
I understand what she means
I understand you have no previous experience?
I upgraded to First Class when Coach Class was overbooked
I urged him to finish his studies
I used to get sick when I ate in that dining hall
I used to play with trucks as a little girl
I usually turn in at midnight
I verily think so
I visited his bachelor quarters
I vote that we all go home
I vouch for the quality of my products
I waited several days for his answer
I waited until the whole house was asleep
I want a definite answer
I want my own room
I want to be alone
I want to disengage myself from his influence
I want to go home now
I want to know who is winning the game!
I want to see it in print
I want to see results
I want to see whether she speaks French
I want to test drive the new Porsche
I want you here at noon!
I wanted it badly enough to work hard for it
I wanted to create an impression of success
I wanted to smash him to smithereens
I warn you against false assumptions
I warned him not to go too far
I warned you that I would ask some difficult questions
I warrant this information
I was afraid to dive from the board into the pool
I was analyzed in Vienna by a famous psychiatrist
I was approached by the President to serve as his adviser in foreign matters
I was bathed in a cold sweat
I was called at 5 A.M. this morning
I was carded when I tried to buy a beer!
I was caught in the bastardly traffic
I was caught in traffic and missed the meeting
I was caught short
I was dismissed after I gave my report
I was dispensed from this terrible task
I was drowned in work
I was dying to leave
I was dying with embarrassment when my little lie was discovered
I was fined for parking on the wrong side of the street
I was fixing to leave town after I paid the hotel bill
I was floored when I heard that I was promoted
I was going to tell him but I got cold feet
I was here first
I was hoping for a yes
I was horrified at the thought of being late for my interview
I was indulgently advised to give the kids what they wanted unless I wished my son to be socially ostracised
I was kept in after school for talking back to the teacher
I was manhandled by the police
I was merely asking
I was mugged in the streets of New York last night
I was near exhausted by the run
I was never any good at art
I was not born yesterday!
I was offended and so was he
I was pledged to silence
I was recalled to the present by the apparition of a frightening specter
I was scared out of my wits
I was set up!
I was shown the door when I asked for a raise
I was stereotyped as a lazy Southern European
I was struck by the starkness of my father's room
I was stung with a huge tax bill
I was there with my parents at the kickoff
I was touched by your kind letter of sympathy
I was victimized by this con-man
I was wrong in her eyes
I was young then
I wash my hands of this
I wasted a year of my life working on an abort
I watched over their effects until they returned
I watched the blue smoke drift lazily away on the still air
I welcome your proposals
I went there personally
I went to a lot of trouble
I went to see my friend Mary the other day
I will always be there to help you
I will always love you
I will carry the secret to my grave
I will drop in on you the next time I am in this neck of the woods
I will earmark this money for your research
I will have the family jewels appraised by a professional
I will lend you my car
I will mention only one particular aspect of the current mess because ... this one is surely something new and passing strange
I will never marry you!
I will not perform the ungrateful task of comparing cases of failure
I will now summarize
I will send it post-paid
I will stake my good reputation for this
I will try to expedite the matter
I will work hard to improve my grades
I willingly accept
I wish I could go home now
I wish I could undo my actions
I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news
I wish my bank statement arrived earlier in the month
I wish that Christmas were over
I wish that motormouth would shut up
I woke up with all the classic symptoms of the flu
I won't buy damaged goods
I won't have this dog in my house!
I won't let the police search her basement
I won't lie and cover for you
I won't stand for this kind of behavior!
I won't stoop to reading other people's mail
I won't take this insult lying down
I wonder what the dead person would have done
I wonder whether this was the right thing to do
I work here
I worry about my grades
I worry about my job
I worry about the second Germanic consonant shift
I would be true for there are those who trust me
I would dearly love to know
I would fain do it
I would kill for a decent cup of coffee
I would not call her beautiful
I would take precautionary steps to keep him away
I would use newspapermen as a sounding board for such policies
I wouldn't give that table houseroom
I wouldn't have told you this if it weren't so
I wouldn't put it that way
I wouldn't touch her with a ten-foot pole
I wouldn't touch it with a barge pole
I wrestled with this decision for years
I yelled to her from the window but she couldn't hear me
I'd like a beer now!
I'd like to register this letter
I'd like to share this idea with you
I'd rather be in Philadelphia
I'd sooner die than give up
I'll accept the charges
I'll be a gone coon when the battle starts
I'll be cursed if I can see your reasoning
I'll be damned (or blessed or darned or goddamned) if I'll do any such thing
I'll be home tomorrow
I'll be there, barring any urgencies
I'll box your ears!
I'll fix you up with a nice girl
I'll get you there in no time
I'll give you this gratis
I'll give you three books for four CDs
I'll handle that one
I'll have this car and this car only
I'll hit him on the chops
I'll hold you by your promise
I'll mail you the check tomorrow
I'll mail you the paper when it's written
I'll pass this course by hook or by crook
I'll ping my accountant--April 15 is nearing
I'll play you my favorite record
I'll post the news on the bulletin board
I'll probably see you at the meeting
I'll save you the trouble
I'll second that motion
I'll see you later
I'll see you to the door
I'll see your raise and double it
I'll sell it to you retail only
I'll spare you from having to apologize formally
I'll tackle this difficult task
I'll take a pound of that sausage
I'll take her home
I'll take three salmon steaks
I'll take you away on a holiday
I'll walk you to your car
I'm a goner if this plan doesn't work
I'm afraid I won't be able to come
I'm afraid the film was well over budget
I'm afraid this spells trouble!
I'm afraid you're wrong
I'm allocating the rations for the camping trip
I'm awful sorry
I'm beat
I'm betting on the new horse
I'm chuffed to have won
I'm dead after that long trip
I'm drawing a blank
I'm expecting a full explanation as to why these files were destroyed
I'm frozen through
I'm full--don't give me any more beans, please
I'm hopeless at mathematics
I'm itching--the air is so dry!
I'm late for the plane
I'm moving my money to another bank
I'm not all that surprised actually
I'm not very good at hacking but I'll give it my best
I'm on a permanent high these days
I'm only a fallible human
I'm plumb (or plum) tuckered out
I'm pretty beat up but I don't feel licked yet
I'm pulling for the underdog
I'm real sorry about it
I'm retaining a lawyer
I'm siding against the current candidate
I'm so relieved that my midterm is out of the way
I'm so tired of your mother and her complaints about my food
I'm staying at the Hilton
I'm supposed to be there at ten
I'm thinking about my friends abroad
I'm thinking of good food when I talk about France
I'm tired of your petty little schemes
I'm trying to catch up with the latest developments in molecular biology
I'm trying to drive home these basic ideas
I'm virtually broke
I'm waiting on tables at Maxim's
I'm wining and dining my friends
I've always had a liking for reading
I've been agog all afternoon, waiting for the next episode in your mystery story
I've been sorely tried by these students
I've been thinking all day and getting nowhere
I've got this dicky heart
I've grown accustomed to her face
I've had about all I can stand
I've had an exasperating day
I've had plenty, thanks
I've lived in this burg all my life
I've lost my glasses again!
I've scheduled a concert next week
I've upgraded my computer so I can run better software
IBM received an order for a hundred computers
Iago is the heavy role in `Othello'
Ice your sprained limbs
Icelandic ports
Icelandic sagas
If America goes down, the free world will go down, too
If he plea-bargains, he will be sent to a medium-security prison for 8 years
If it rains much more, we can expect some flooding
If it storms, we'll need shelter
If soldiers deserted Hitler's army, they were shot
If the King does not abdicate, he will have to be dethroned
If the children stay out on the beach for another hour, they'll be fried
If the new teacher won't break, we'll add some stress
If the temperature rises above freezing, it will probably sleet
If the train is late, I will cell phone you
If you don't behave properly, you'll have to leave!
If you don't oblige me, I'll talk!
If you ever get married, which seems to be extremely problematic
If you look at it long enough, this portrait comes to life!
If you see this man, run!
If you were in my place what would you do?
If your work becomes too mechanized, change jobs!
Imbibe ethical principles
Immerse yourself in hot water
Immigrants often want to assimilate quickly
Immigration will citify the country?
Impregnate the cloth with alcohol
In 2001 Abu Sayyaf kidnapped twenty people and beheaded one of the American captives
In Farsi, you accent the last syllable of each word
In Kafka's story, a person metamorphoses into a bug
In Spring, the days lengthen
In Vermont, the leaves turn early
In World War II the Japanese launched balloon bombs against North America
In church you have to kneel during parts of the service
In highlights it hued to a dull silver-grey
In his paper, he showed a very superficial understanding of psychoanalytic theory
In his speech, the presidential candidate worked in a lot of learned words
In life you have to give and take
In marrying him she simply took the path of least resistance
In my heart I can make the world hang together
In some cultures, the women give birth while squatting
In some fashionable restaurants, the waiters roller skate around
In some states, criminals are executed
In the 19th century, men often dueled over small matters
In the US most household current is AC at 60 cycles per second
In the accident, the cars telescoped
In the desert, you get dehydrated very quickly
In the new economy, we all have to learn to tighten our belts
In the old days, doctors routinely bled patients as part of the treatment
In the second round, the challenger gave up
In the syllable /si/, the /s/ sibilates in Japanese
In the video, Michael Jackson morphed into a panther
In these forests, mushrooms grow under the trees
In this beautiful book, all the place names are rubricated
In this essay, the author's personal feelings creep in
In this life nothing is certain but death and taxes
In this part of the country, people tend to nasalize
In this picture, the figures are foiled against the background
In what capacity are you acting?
In winter, the days shorten
Income distribution often stratifies a society
Indent the paragraphs of a letter
India has responded handsomely by providing 3,000 men
India is a demographic time bomb
Indian accents can be characterized by the fact that speakers retroflex their consonants
Indian arrowheads
Indian saris
Indo-European migrations
Indonesian fabrics are often batiked
Industry is running away with us all
Industry will stagnate if we do not stimulate our economy
Inhale deeply
Inheritance may not ascend linearly
Insert your ticket here
Interest in ESP revived
Interest in his novels waned
Interest in the project waned
Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent
Interested tapered off
Interns have to rotate for a few months
Interstate Commerce Commission
Interstate Highway Commission
Inventory all books before the end of the year
Invoke God in times of trouble
Iranian mountains
Iranian security police
Iraqi oil
Iraqi refugees
Is a salesperson assisting you?
Is anyone volunteering to navigate during the trip?
Is the plan agreeable to you?
Is there a God?
Is there a need to translate the psychiatrist's remarks?
Is there a sight more heartwarming than a family reunion?
Is this dog trained?
Is this enough to cover the check?
Is this hotel room bugged?
Is your cat spayed?
Is your husband working again?
Isaac Newton invented the reflecting telescope in 1668
Islam is a complete way of life, not a Sunday religion
Islam is predominant in northern Africa, the Middle East, Pakistan, and Indonesia
Islamic art
Islamize the dietary laws
It (becoming a hero) was involuntary. They sank my boat
It appears that the weather in California is very bad
It behooves us to reflect on this matter
It breezes most evenings at the shore
It came as a shock
It dawned on him that she had betrayed him
It does not matter much
It doesn't seem fair somehow
It feels nice to be home again
It fell to me to notify the parents of the victims
It follows that your assertion is false
It galls me that we lost the suit
It grew alarmingly fast
It hailed for an hour
It happens that today is my birthday
It has only sprinkled, but the roads are slick
It irritates me that she never closes the door after she leaves
It is a tribute to the tribunals that the technicality at the heart of the appellate process in these tribunals can and does coexist with the relative informality in atmosphere and with procedural flexibility.
It is beyond the horizon of present knowledge
It is dangerous to overgeneralize
It is freezing in Kalamazoo
It is getting on midnight--let's all go to bed!
It is likely, too, that the chromosomes of all eubacteria are as mutable as that of E. coli
It is not desirable to overbalance the budget
It must be getting more serious
It occurred to me that we should hire another secretary
It pains me to see my children not being taught well in school
It pays to go through the trouble
It plunged to the bottom of the well
It rains all year round on Skye
It seems that he is very gifted
It started to dawn, and we had to get up
It takes nerve to do what she did
It took a while after the baby was born for things to settle down again.
It took three hours to get to work this morning
It transpired that she had worked as spy in East Germany
It turns out that he was right
It was Agassi's turn to serve
It was a good Christian household
It was a sight to make one's hair uprise!
It was common practice to lead off the young ones, and teach them bad habits
It was recommitted into her custody
It was rumored that the next president would be a woman
It was snowing all night
It was storming all night
It was the same story; only this time she came out better
It was to be printed sometime later
It wasn't as bad as I had prefigured
It wasn't the problem some people made it
It will avail them to dispose of their booty
It's a question of getting over an unpleasant task
It's too bad he got fired, but he sure had it coming
Italian cooking
Italians express coffee rather than filter it
Its pivotal location has also exposed it to periodic invasions
Jack Dempsey was called a mauler
Jack the Ripper was probably a madman
Jackson faced Smith in the boxing ring
Jacob was a hairy man
Jacobean writers
Jacobinic terrorism
Jain gods
Jam the Voice of America
Jamaican rum
James Joyce uses the topos of the Wandering Jew in his Ulysses
James's affinity with Sam
Jane shrugged off the news that her stock had fallen 3 points
Jane threw dinner together
Janus the two-faced god
Japanese cars
Japanese like to pun--their language is well suited to punning
Japanese postposes the adpositions, whereas English preposes them
Javanese dialects
Javanese temples
Jealousy had jaundiced his judgment
Jeeves was Bertie Wooster's man
Jeffersonian democracy
Jenny smiled placatingly
Jerry came in third in the Marathon
Jerusalem has a distinctive Middle East flavor
Jerusalem's hallowed soil
Jesperson's system of phonetic transcription is analphabetic
Jesuitical education
Jesus Christ was crucified
Jesus was transfigured after his resurrection
Jewish theology
Jim always cuts in!
Joe was riding herd during the day
Joe's mother would not use his nickname and always called him Joseph
John Junior
John Smith, Jr.
John and Eric soon became friends
John believes in oat bran
John called Mary's bluff when she claimed she could prove the theorem in under an hour
John compared his haircut to his friend's
John consistently underachieves, although he is very able
John debated Mary
John did the painting, the weeding, and he cleaned out the gutters
John fathered four daughters
John feared his mother's reaction when she saw the broken lamp
John got ready in short order
John is bucking for a promotion
John is courting Mary
John is rich
John moderated the discussion
John spoke up at the meeting
John trailed behind his class mates
John was kicked upstairs when a replacement was hired
John was ruled out as a possible suspect because he had a strong alibi
John's succinct turn of phrase persuaded her that it would not be a good idea
Johnson appointed Alan S. Boyd as the first Transportation Secretary
Johnson brushed the hairs from his jacket
Jones bats first, followed by Martinez
Jones major
Jones minor
Jordanian archeological sites
Journals are accumulating in my office
Jovian satellites
Jovian thunderbolts
Jovian wrath
Judaism, Christianity, and Islam each has a special claim on Abraham
Judas sold Jesus
Jupiter ascends
Jupiter has sixteen moons
Jupiter was the origin of the radiation
Just think--you could be rich one day!
Just when I entered, the clock struck
Karl Gauss pioneered hyperbolic geometry
Kashmiri love poems
Kasparov checkmated his opponent after only a few moves
Kasparov opened with a standard opening
Keep an eye on the baby, please!
Keep an eye on this prisoner!
Keep him in bed until he sobers up
Keep on working!
Keep smiling
Keep the child from eating the marbles
Keep the commandments
Keep your distance from this man--he is dangerous
Keep your eyes peeled for any policemen
Keep your hands off my wife!
Kenyan mountains
Kepler's second law means that a planet's orbital speed changes with its distance from the sun
Key West is the southernmost city in the continental United States
Keystone stater
Khrushchev ebulliently promised to supply rockets for the protection of Cuba against American aggression
Kick the door down
Kids were break-dancing at the street corner
Kids were kiting in the park
Kilroy was here
Kissinger's shuttle diplomacy in the Middle East
Koine is a dialect of ancient Greek that was the lingua franca of the empire of Alexander the Great and was widely spoken throughout the eastern Mediterranean area in Roman times
Koranic laws
Korean handicrafts
Kurdish Moslems
Kuwaiti ports
Kuwaiti streets are lined with luxury stores
LSD is a powerful hallucinogenic drug
Lamarckian theories
Lancastrian city center
Lancastrian royalty
Language that individuates his memories
Laotian refugees
Large shadows loomed on the canyon wall
Larsen's frost-blackened lips curved cynically
Lash together these barrels!
Lashkar-e-Toiba has committed mass murders of civilian Hindus
Late Greek
Latin America
Latin is a dead language
Latin is a language as dead as dead can be. It killed the ancient Romans--and now it's killing me
Latin towns
Latin verb conjugations
Latin was a prerequisite for admission
Latin-American countries
Latin-American music
Launch a ship
Laziness set in
Leave off the top piece
Lebanese mountains
Lee hoped to detach Maryland from the Union
Lemon juice astringes the tissue in the mouth
Lengthen this skirt, please
Leonardo studied the human body
Let go of the door handle, please!
Let it ride
Let me introduce the word hypertext to mean a body of written or pictorial material interconnected in such a complex way that it could not conveniently be presented or represented on paper
Let out that dress--I gained a lot of weight
Let us hope that relations with this country will normalize soon
Let us say that he did not tell the truth
Let us toast the birthday girl!
Let's abstract away from this particular example
Let's add on to this
Let's all relax after a hard day's work
Let's associate freely to bring up old memories
Let's avoid a confrontation
Let's drink to the New Year
Let's eat--I'm starving!
Let's eliminate the course on Akkadian hieroglyphics
Let's fix the date for the party!
Let's flag down a cab--it's starting to rain
Let's follow our great helmsman!
Let's gather in the dining room
Let's get down to work now
Let's get this job over with
Let's go north!
Let's investigate the syntax of Chinese
Let's landscape the yard
Let's minimize the risk
Let's not haggle over a few dollars
Let's not make a decision--let's sit tight
Let's not mollycoddle our students!
Let's not quibble over pennies
Let's not whitewash the crimes of Stalin
Let's plant flowers in the garden
Let's play like I am mommy
Let's put health care where it belongs--under the control of the government
Let's recapitulate the main ideas
Let's reinforce good behavior
Let's rent a car
Let's say `Yes!' all at once
Let's say you had a lot of money--what would you do?
Let's stretch for a minute--we've been sitting here for over 3 hours
Let's synchronize our efforts
Let's tone our muscles
Let's unwrap the gifts!
Let's whoop it up--the boss is gone!
Letters to Europe from the U.S. are best airmailed
Lexicographers drudge all day long
Liakoura is the modern name of Mount Parnassus
Liberals like to trumpet their opposition to the death penalty
Liberian ship owners
Libyan terrorists
Liechtensteiner castles
Life imitate art
Life in poverty has dehumanized them
Life in the Aran Islands has always been bleak and difficult
Life in the camp drained him
Life in the camps had brutalized him
Life is real! Life is earnest!
Lift a load
Light a cigarette
Light fell on her face
Light percolated into our house in the morning
Light pierced through the forest
Lightening set fire to the forest
Lightning struck down the hikers
Lincoln is known as the Great Emancipator
Lindbergh was the first to fly the Atlantic
Linear A is still undeciphered
Linguists star unacceptable sentences
Link arms
List the states west of the Mississippi
Listen to the sound of this cello
Listen to your father
Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet eating some curds and whey
Liverpudlian street urchins
Liverpudlian streets
Liza had always had a tendency to wildness
Locate the boundaries of the property
Lois deftly removed her scarf
Long hard years of on the job training had brought them to their competence
Long-term exposure to this medicine may sensitize you to the allergen
Look at your child!
Look elsewhere for the perfect gift!
Look to your friends for support
Look--a deer in the backyard!
Loose terrible plagues upon humanity
Lord T. was considered singularly licentious even for the courts of Russia and Portugal; he acquired three wives and fourteen children during his Portuguese embassy alone
Lord of Sabaoth
Loud music greeted him when he entered the apartment
Lucullus spent the remainder of his days in voluptuous magnificence
Luther had a new perception of the Bible
Lutheran doctrines
Luxembourgian food
Luxemburger streets
MDMA is often used at parties because it enables partygoers to remain active for long periods of time
MacArthur staged a massive amphibious landing behind enemy lines
Macedonian hills
Machiavellian thinking
Madagascan pepper
Magellan's circumnavigation of the earth proved that it is a globe
Main Street will never vote for a liberal politician
Maine is a leading producer of potatoes
Make a quorum
Make the people's hearts glow
Make yourself clear
Malawian hills
Malawian soldiers
Malay peoples
Malayan crocodiles
Malayan syllable structure
Malaysian police crack down hard on drug smugglers
Malian deserts
Maltese customs officers
Malthus believed that population increase would outpace increases in the means of subsistence
Malthusian theories
Man cannot fly
Man devilized by war
Man has always idealized
Man is the only creature that thinks
Man...has written one of his blackest records as a destroyer on the oceanic islands
Management closed ranks
Mancunian merchants
Mandela was allowed few visitors in prison
Many Germans migrated to South America in the mid-19th century
Many Hindus worship Shiva
Many companies outsource and hire consultants in order to maintain a flexible workforce
Many countries in Asia are now developing at a very fast pace
Many famished in the countryside during the drought
Many listeners wrote in after the controversial radio program
Many metals conduct heat
Many mountaineers go up Mt. Everest but not all summit
Many of the laboratory animals express the trait
Many people had to emigrate during the Nazi period
Many people immigrated at the beginning of the 20th century
Many people in the world have to subsist on $1 a day
Many saints suffered martyrdom
Many senators were named in connection with the scandal
Many soldiers fell at Verdun
Many streets in the former East Germany were renamed in 1990
Many students drop out because they are not prepared for our challenging program
Many teenagers idolized the Beatles
Many towns segregated into new counties
Many voters wrote in the names of strangers
Mao reposes in his mausoleum
Maple wood burns well
Marijuana is criminalized in the U.S.
Marijuana should be legalized
Markets are being increasingly globalized
Mars and Jupiter are the closest in of the superior planets
Mars has two satellites
Mars is a dead planet
Marsh gases ignited suddenly
Marshes reeking in the sun
Martin Luther King tried to break down racial discrimination
Martin's snatch at the bridle failed and the horse raced away
Martyrs may die every day for their faith
Marx and Engels gave birth to communism
Marx's ideas have bubbled up in many places in Latin America
Mary Mary quite contrary
Mary and her girlfriend organized the party
Mary gave John the axe after she saw him with another woman
Mary opened the car door
Mary plays best, with John and Sue following
Mary replaced Susan as the team's captain and the highest-ranked player in the school
Mary's dress is really cool
Mask the children for Halloween
Masonic lodge
Match my sweater
Matchmaker, can you match my daughter with a nice young man?
Mathematicians often visualize
Mauritanian tropical fish
Maximize your profits!
May God keep you
May I borrow your lawn mower?
May I serve you?
Mayans had a system of writing and an accurate calendar
Mays made the catch with his back to the plate
McKinley was assassinated by a professed anarchist
Mean revenge, committed underhand
Measure the length of the wall
Meckel's diverticulum is the rudiment of the embryonic yolk sac
Medieval scholars
Medieval times
Mediterranean countries
Melissa's brain was in overdrive
Melons come from a vine
Men take to the military trades
Mendel cross-fertilized different kinds of beans
Mendel tried crossbreeding
Mendelian inheritance
Menuhin's playing was attended by a 15-minute standing ovation
Mercury and Venus are inferior planets
Messages must go through diplomatic channels
Meteors blazed across the atmosphere
Meteors showered down over half of Australia
Methodist theology
Mexican food is hot
Mexico is a country of mestizos, criollos, and indigenes
Michael Jackson perfected the moonwalk in the 1980s
Michelangelo's highly idiosyncratic style of painting
Middle English is the English language from about 1100 to 1500
Middle Gaelic
Middle age dulled her appetite for travel
Might her husband be wandering?
Militant groups are contending for control of the country
Miller was riding the bench in Saturday's game
Minister of Finance
Misfortune lighted upon him
Miss Bennet would not play at all amiss if she practiced more
Miss Burney protested indignantly, her long thin nose turning pink with mortification at this irreverent piece of mimicry
Mist shrouded the castle
Mitterand nationalized the banks
Modern English
Modern man evolved a long time ago
Modern ways of cooking have outmoded the hearth
Mom always conserved the strawberries we grew in the backyard
Money reigns supreme here
Mongolian syntax strongly resembles Korean syntax
Montserratian natives
Moore's massive sculptures
Moorish courtyard
Mop the hallway now
Mormon leaders
Morning azured the village
Moroccan mosques cannot be entered by infidels
Mosaic Law
Moses parted the Red Sea
Mosquitoes buzzing in my ear really bothers me
Most English adjectives precede the noun they modify
Mother bundled up the children for the long way to school
Mother crashed the motorbike into the lamppost
Mother had to be hospitalized because her blood pressure was too high
Mother put the baby to sleep
Mother tried to ingrain respect for our elders in us
Mother vetoed the trip to the chocolate store
Mother's Day
Mother's Day is always on the same date
Mourning becomes Electra
Move those boxes into the corner, please
Move your car or else you will be ticketed!
Mozambican towns
Mozambican troops are at the border
Mozart didn't publish all of his works
Mozart was a child genius
Mozart was a child prodigy
Mr Khrushchev ostentatiously wooed and embraced Castro at the U.N. general assembly
Mr. Jones blazed away in one passage after another to loud applause
Mr. Smith claims special tax exemptions because he is a foreign resident
Mr. Smith manned the reception desk in the morning
Mr. Smith, alias Mr. Lafayette
Mrs. Smith was just one of the girls
Ms. Smith will represent the defendant
Much benevolence of the passive order may be traced to a disinclination to inflict pain upon oneself
Mud was sucking at her feet
Mules plodded in a circle around a grindstone
Murdoch owns many newspapers
Muscles that are not used will atrophy
Muscovite street dealers
Music can uplift your spirits
Music was piped into the offices
Musical talent runs in the family
Muskrat Castle as the house has been facetiously named by some waggish officer
Muslim intellectuals are afraid of growing Islamophobia in the West
Mussolini was called Il Duce
My Rice Krispies crackled in the bowl
My Russian pen pal and I have been corresponding for several years
My arthritis is acting up again
My aunt bequeathed me all her jewelry
My backyard look onto the pond
My book will be typeset nicely
My boss and I get along very well
My boss was bubbling over with anger
My boyfriend and I always go Dutch
My broken leg is mending
My brother sings very well
My business closes every night at 8 P.M.
My car bumped into the tree
My car engine makes a whining noise
My car was carjacked last night!
My children are googling all day
My children don't ski
My children finally got me to buy a computer
My cold is gone--I feel fine today
My computer crashed last night
My conscience told me to turn around before I made a mistake
My courage shrivelled when I saw the task before me
My daughter was conceived in Christmas Day
My daughter's fancy wedding is going to break me!
My daughter's wedding set me back $20,000
My dog was quarantined before he could live in England
My efforts were not remunerated
My employer is withholding taxes
My ex-husband means nothing to me
My eyes are burning
My family comes first
My friend and I split up
My garage backs their yard
My grades are slipping
My grandfather left me his entire estate
My grandfather lived until the end of war
My grandfather was laid to rest last Sunday
My grandmother is hard of hearing--you'll have to shout
My hands were shaking
My hobby is gardening
My husband and I like to dance at home to the radio
My husband doesn't cook
My husband never flirts with other women
My idea of an agreeable person...is a person who agrees with me
My land extends over the hills on the horizon
My lips chap in this dry weather
My little subcompact car turns on a dime!
My memory extends back to my fourth year of life
My mind is constipated today
My mother complains all day
My mouth watered at the prospect of a good dinner
My neighbor keeps soliciting money for different charities
My neighbors are busy electioneering during the Presidential election campaign
My new stocks closed at $59 last night
My new supervisor knows how to outmaneuver the boss in most situations
My new truck drives well
My niece is off concertizing in Europe
My nose is all stuffed
My old car backfires all the time
My opponent was wilting
My own heart's heart
My parents like to bowl on Friday nights
My passports expired last month
My personal feelings color my judgment in this case
My personal trainer works me hard
My piano needs to be tuned
My plants are coming along
My property begins with the three maple trees
My property ends by the bushes
My proposal met with much opposition
My remark pertained to your earlier comments
My search turned up nothing
My secret will die with me!
My sense of tact forbids an honest answer
My skin breaks out when I eat strawberries
My skin crawled--I was terrified
My son disarranged the papers on my desk
My son drifted around for years in California before going to law school
My son is farming in California
My son totaled our new car
My son tucked in a whole pizza
My son went to Berkeley to find himself
My son's friends crashed our house last weekend
My sons landscapes for corporations and earns a good living
My sons never served, because they are short-sighted
My speech was cut short
My spirits sank
My stocks underperformed last year
My students range from very bright to dull
My teachers inoculated me with their beliefs
My tongue became sensitized to good wine
My uncle rings every Sunday at the local church
My wife had twins yesterday!
My wife made me buy a new sofa
My wife never worked
My wife objects to modern furniture
My wife wants us to renovate
My work is not recognized by anybody!
Mycenaean bronzes
NASA reported a trouble-free launch
NO HAZMATS IN TUNNEL
NSAIDs inhibit the activity of both Cox-1 and Cox-2 enzymes
Napoleon III was an echo of the mighty Emperor but an infinitely better man
Napoleon and Hitler waged war against all of Europe
Napoleonic Wars
Narcissus was a beautiful Greek youth who became enamored of his own reflection
Natal was renamed KwaZulu-Natal in 1994
National Viatical Association
National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship
Native American religions
Neanderthal skull
Negative campaigning will only dissuade people
Negotiations broke down
Negro
Negroid
Nelson defeated the French and Spanish fleets off Cape Trafalgar in 1805
Neo-Darwinian theories
Neo-Lamarckian theories
Neoplatonism was a major influence on early Christian writers and on later medieval and Renaissance thought and on Islamic philosophy
Neoplatonism was predominant in pagan Europe until the 6th century
Nepalese troops massed at the border
Nepali mountains are among the highest in the world
Nereids beneath the nitid moon
New England gastronomy
New Englanders drop their post-vocalic r's
New Eqyptian was the language of the 18th to 21st dynasties
New Hebrew is Israeli Hebrew
New York and adjacent cities
New York is a mecca for young artists
New York is an amazing city
New York is at the mouth of the Hudson
New York is the commercial heartbeat of America
New York traffic is a constant concern
New Zealander sheep farms
New buildings are going up everywhere
New slipcovers will help the old living room furniture
News came in of the massacre in Rwanda
News of her death broke in the morning
Newton's writings were gospel for those who followed
Newtonian physics
Next came the student from France
Niagra Falls is a well-known honeymoon resort
Nicaraguan earthquakes
Nicklaus had a 70
Nicklaus had a run of birdies
Nicklaus won by three strokes
Night fell
Nightmares assailed him regularly
Nilotic syntax
Nixon stonewalled the Watergate investigation
No dumping in these woods!
No one goes to Hades with all his immense wealth
No other colony showed such supine, selfish helplessness in allowing her own border citizens to be mercilessly harried
No two of my colleagues would agree on whom to elect chairman
Noachian deluge
Nobody can break out--this prison is high security
Nobody ever heard of analog clocks until digital clocks became common, so `analog clock' is a retronym
Nodular vaginitis
None of the Democrats voted last night
Nordic languages have a gender system
Norman beaches
Norse nomads
Norse sagas
Northern liberals
Norwegian herring
Not everything worked out in the end and we were disappointed
Notably missing from the network's fall line-up are any half-hour scripted comedies
Nothing can rival cotton for durability
Nothing else will serve
Nothing good will come of this
Nothing occurred that seemed important
Now I see!
Now is a good time to do it
Now the next problem is...
Now we have a fine mess
Nowadays, you can notate an entire ballet; in the old days, the steps had to be memorized
Nubians now form an ethnic minority in Egypt
Nunavut is the homeland of the Inuit people
O tempore! O mores
OPEC bumped up the price of oil
OPEC wants to monopolize oil
Observe Yom Kippur
October's bright blue weather
Odysseus ordered his crew to plug their ears so they would not hear the Siren's fatal song
Office of Management and Budget
Oh, what a tangled web we weave
Oh, you poor thing
Oil fires the furnace
Oil whooshed up when the drill hit the well
Old English is also called Anglo Saxon
Old High German is High German from the middle of the 9th to the end of the 11th century
Old folks can calcify
Olivier supported Gielgud beautifully in the second act
Olympian deities
Olympian plain
Olympic winners
Omani oil producers
Omani ports
On Fridays, employees can underdress
On Sunday, the martyr will be beatified by the Vatican
On Sundays, I sleep in
On weekends I play
One can never fully repair the suffering and losses of the Jews in the Third Reich
One crash victim died, the other lived
One day, she lost her temper, completely, suddenly and, even to herself, shockingly
One dollar equals 1,000 rubles these days!
One foot caught in the stirrup
One line of soldiers surpassed the other
One of them banged the sash of the window nearest my bed
One student reported the other to the principal
Only 5 of the 120 cases docketed were tried
Operator, could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore?
Opinions on bombing the Serbs cut across party lines
Optimism spread among the population
Oral struck out three batters to close the inning
Order me some flowers
Order these files
Orient the house towards the South
Orient the house towards the West
Originally distress was a landlord's remedy against a tenant for unpaid rents or property damage but now the landlord is given a landlord's lien
Orthodox Judaism
Osama bin Laden and his followers practice Wahhabism
Osama bin Laden is said to be a Wahhabi Muslim
Othello smothered Desdemona with a pillow
Our advertisements reach millions
Our ancestors gathered nuts in the Fall
Our babysitter raided our refrigerator
Our basement flooded during the heavy rains
Our business was hurt by the new competition
Our children share a love of music
Our company relocated to the Midwest
Our day revolved around our work
Our economy precipitated into complete ruin
Our grant has run out and we cannot keep you on
Our great leader is no more
Our home team won
Our house hasn't been assessed in years
Our house is not air-conditioned
Our house passed under his official control
Our meeting afforded much interesting information
Our miscreated fantasies
Our new synthetic fabric breathes and is perfect for summer wear
Our office is fully computerized now
Our paths joined
Our people should not be mired in the past
Our power went off during the hurricane
Our property dips towards the river
Our relatives in Italy wined and dined us for a week
Our sense of sight enables us to locate objects in space
Our sponsor kept our art studio going for as long as he could
Our supplies finally ran out
Our vacations overlap
Our wishes have to be subordinated to that of our ruler
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants
Overdriving people often suffer stress
Oxonian bookstores
Oxonian education
PSA in the blood can be measured with an immunochemical assay
Pace your efforts
Pacific islands
Pack your tents to the top of the mountain
Pair these numbers
Pakistan became a country of paramount geostrategic importance to the United States
Pakistan is a laboratory for studying the use of American troops to combat terrorism
Pakistan neighbors India
Pakistani mountain passes
Pakistani soldiers
Palestinian guerrillas
Palomar's fans are legion
Panamanian economy
Panic struck me
Papuan native crafts
Papuan vowels
Parboil the beans before freezing them
Parents must discipline their children
Parents must feed and dress their child
Paris is the queen of cities
Parisian restaurants can be expensive
Park the car in front of the library
Parthian archeology
Pascal performs calls by simply giving the name of the routine to be executed
Pass a chemical through a solution
Pass a kidney stone
Passing grades account for half of the grades given in this exam
Pathans are the predominant ethnic group in Afghanistan
Patient Griselda was a chaste and duteous wife
Paul Bunyan had a blue ox named Babe
Paul walked the streets of Damascus
Paul's name was Saul prior to his conversion to Christianity
Pavlov's physiological theories
Pavlovian conditioning
Pay the waitress, please
Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches
Peloponnesian War
People argue about how to relegate certain mushrooms
People cannot be made to integrate just by passing a law!
People did not accept atonal music at that time
People impute great cleverness to cats
People in Chernobyl were subjected to radiation
People lived in Africa millions of years ago
People recode and restructure information in order to remember it
People turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium
People wanted to stone the woman who had a child out of wedlock
People who smoke incur a great danger to their health
Pepper makes me sneeze
Pericles' funeral oration for Athenians killed in the Peloponnesian War is a famous example of epideictic oratory
Perry Mason solved the case of the missing heir
Personal freedom is curtailed in many countries
Peruvian artifacts
Peter denied Jesus
Philosophy has not always been professionalized and used to be a subject pursued only by amateurs
Physicists believe they found a new elementary particle
Pianists practice scales
Picasso created Cubism
Picasso cut out a guitar from a piece of paper
Picasso hangs in this new wing of the museum
Picasso's blue period
Picasso's elongated Don Quixote
Picasso's liberated shapes and excitingly applied and inventively combined colours
Picasso's work can be divided into periods
Pick open the ice
Pilgrims lapidate a stone pillar in commemoration of Abraham's temptation
Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers
Pittsburgh is the source of the Ohio River
Pizza parlors proliferate in this area
Place emphasis on a certain point
Planes buzzed the crowds in the square
Planes lanced towards the shore
Planets and stars often are occulted by other celestial bodies
Planked shad
Planked vegetable
Plans are shaping up
Plant a spy in Moscow
Plant a thought in the students' minds
Plastic bottles do not biodegrade
Plat the town
Plato's Academy continued for several hundred years after Plato died
Platonic dialogues
Play about with a young girl's affection
Play cowboy and Indians
Play it again, Sam
Play the races
Play this lento, please
Please accept my present
Please acquaint your colleagues of your plans to move
Please apply yourself to your homework
Please bracket this remark
Please check each name on the list
Please communicate this message to all employees
Please consider your family
Please critique this performance
Please delete my name from your list
Please develop this roll of film for me
Please don't advertise the fact that he has AIDS
Please don't aim at your little brother!
Please don't burp at the table
Please don't interrupt me while I'm on the phone
Please dye these shoes
Please erase the formula on the blackboard--it is wrong!
Please excuse me from this class
Please excuse my dirty hands
Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies
Please focus the image; we cannot enjoy the movie
Please follow the guide through the museum
Please format this disk before entering data!
Please hang on while I get your folder
Please inspect your father's will carefully
Please keep your seat belt fastened while the plane is reaching cruising altitude
Please log off before you go home
Please make the check out to me
Please observe the reaction of these two chemicals
Please peruse this report at your leisure
Please plug in the toaster!
Please rearrange these files
Please refund me my money
Please reheat the food from last night
Please relay the news to the villagers
Please remember yourself, Charles!
Please retake that scene
Please sign here
Please silence the children in the church!
Please state your case as succinctly as possible
Please stay the bloodshed!
Please strike this remark from the record
Please sweep the floor
Please take in this skirt--I've lost weight
Please verify that the doors are closed
Please wake me at 6 AM.
Pleat the cloth
Pleistocene vegetation
Pluto was discovered by Clyde Tombaugh in 1930
Ply one's trade
Polish sausage
Politeness militated against this opinion being expressed
Political prisoners are wasting away in many prisons all over the world
Pollini is giving another concert in New York
Ponce de Leon discovered Florida while searching for the Fountain of Youth
Poor Tom's acold
Pornography objectifies women
Portuguese wines
Pot smokers claim it heightens their awareness
Power had demonized him
Practice makes the winner
Preheat the oven!
Preparation will guarantee success!
President Kennedy now calls in the National Guard
President Taylor appointed Thomas Ewing as the first Secretary of the Interior
Press little holes into the soft clay
Pressure is building up at the Indian-Pakistani border
Presto! begone! 'tis here again
Prices bottomed out and started to rise again after a while
Prices dipped
Prices for these homes start at $250,000
Prices jumped overnight
Prices shot up overnight
Prices tumbled after the devaluation of the currency
Prices vary
Prices were slashed
Princeton is in the NCAA Division 1-AA
Princeton plays Yale this weekend
Princeton replayed Harvard
Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding
Production slowed
Properly speaking, all true work is religion.
Protein digests in a few hours
Protestant churches
Proust had his apartment soundproofed
Prussian aristocracy
Prussian officers
Pull back your arms!
Pull the car over
Pull the handle towards you
Pull the rope
Pump money into a project
Punic faith
Purgatory is supposed to cleanse you from your sins
Put away your worries
Put money into bonds
Put on make-up!
Put on your rain coat-- it's pouring outside!
Put your things here
Pyongyang is Korea's oldest city but little of its history has been preserved
Pythagoras was the first true mathematician
Pythagorean philosophy
Pythagorean theorem
Qatari oil wells
Quantize gravity
Queen Augusta wrote him an hysterical letter in which she confusedly sympathised with him
Quit teasing your little brother
Quite so!
Quoth the raven, nevermore!
RAF pilots were the heroes of the Battle of Britain
Rabelaisian characters
Raccoons managed to pry the lid off the garbage pail
Raft the Colorado River
Rage against the dying of the light!
Rain drummed against the windshield
Rain eroded the terraces
Raise a barn
Raise your hands
Randomize the order of the numbers
Re-create the boom of the West on a small scale
Reading beats watching television
Ready, set, go!
Received political wisdom says not; surveys show otherwise
Red wine stains the table cloth
Registrations cracked through the 30,000 mark in the county
Relativity Theory was vulgarized by these authors
Religion can cohere social groups
Rembrandt is considered a blue-chip artist
Remember me to your wife
Remember the Alamo
Remember the dead of the First World War
Remember to call your mother every day!
Remember to tip the waiter
Remind me to call Mother
Remove the dirty dishes from the table
Remove the troops to the forest surrounding the city
Repair my shoes please
Report the news as it develops
Republican party politics
Resistance to the manager's plan built up quickly
Rest the dogs for a moment
Rest your head on my shoulder
Restore the stolen painting to its rightful owner
Rhenish wines tend to be sweet
Rhode Island has two bordering states; Massachusetts and Connecticut
Rid the house of pests
Ride the freeways of California
Right by the bridge, the road bottlenecks
Ring the bells
Riots combusted Pakistan after the U.S. air attacks on Afghanistan
Rivers traverse the valley floor
Roentgen discovered X-rays
Roll up the cloth
Roman Catholic theology
Roman architecture
Roman culture was enduringly fertilized
Roman virtues
Romance languages
Romani nomads
Romanian folk music
Romanticism valued imagination and emotion over rationality
Romany folk songs
Rome had fallen into moral putrefaction
Roosevelt created an alphabet soup of federal agencies
Roosevelt defeated Hoover in a landslide
Roosevelt was a captivating speaker
Roses were pranking the lawn
Rosetti's queenly portraits of women
Rossi spat very deliberately, and very messily, upon Durieux's party card
Rotate the handle
Rousseau's philosophy holds that people are inherently good
Rumors and accusations are flying
Run the dishwasher
Run the wire behind the cabinet
Run to the store!
Rushdie's controversial book
Russia and the United States discussed the dismantling of their nuclear weapons
Russia must be reintegrated into Europe
Russia was slowly destalinized in the late 1950's
Russia was slowly stalinized after Lenin's death
Russia's final hour, it seemed, approached with inexorable certainty
Russia's peripheral provinces
Russian dancing
Russian distinguished between hard consonants and palatalized or soft consonants
Russian is written with the Cyrillic alphabet
Rust is attacking the metal
Rwandan mountains
SCET = TRM + OWLT
SEAL is an acronym for Sea Air and Land
STD is from the Latin Sanctae Theologiae Doctor
Sabahan tribesmen
Saint Sebastian was martyred
Sales were climbing after prices were lowered
Sally rang up Eve's purchase of tomatoes
Salvadoran coffee
Salvadoran guerillas
Sam and his parents were at loggerheads over the question of car privileges
Samoan fishing industry
Sample the regional dishes
Samson is supposed to have had fantastic strength
Samuel Beckett and Eugene Ionesco have written plays for the theater of the absurd
San Marinese castles
Santa's rubicund cheeks
Santo Domingo is the oldest continually inhabited European settlement in the Americas with the oldest cathedral and the oldest hospital and the oldest monastery in the Western Hemisphere
Sarah Silverman's hilarious one-woman show
Sarawakian beaches
Sarawakian natives
Satan is the great tempter of mankind
Satanic verses
Satire is a sort of glass, wherein beholders do generally discover everybody's face but their own
Saturday is Saturn's Day
Saturday's child is loving and giving
Saxon princes
Say grace
Say, fellow, what are you doing?
Scavenge a street
Schliemann excavated Troy
Schoenberg created twelve-tone music
Schubert's song cycles
Scientists are exploring the nature of consciousness
Scientists often cannot date precisely archeological or prehistorical findings
Scientists supposed that large dinosaurs lived in swamps
Scots Gaelic
Scram!
Screw the bottle cap on
Scroll down to see the entire text
Season the chicken breast after roasting it
Secret activities offer presidents the alluring but often illusory promise that they can achieve foreign policy goals without the bothersome debate and open decision that are staples of democracy
See that the curtains are closed
See whether it works
See whether you can come tomorrow
Seems, madam! Nay, it is
Selectmen are required by law to perambulate the bounds every five years
Selfish men were...trying to make capital for themselves out of the sacred cause of civil rights
Semite peoples
Semitic tongues have a complicated morphology
Send in your comments
Senegalese herdsmen
Senegalese villages
Separate the wheat from the chaff
Serbian forces assailed Bosnian towns all week
Serialize the numbers
Service runs all the way to Cranbury
Set the dogs on the scent of the missing children
Set the tray down
Seurat culminated pointillism
Several Republicans dissented
Several deer have fallen to the same gun
Several important events transpired last week
Sex activity is closely identified with the hypothalamus
Seychellois fishermen
Shackleton's men overwintered on Elephant Island
Shade your eyes when you step out into the bright sunlight
Shakespeare exploited many well-mined sources for his plays
Shakespeare is one of the immortals
Shakespeare's production of poetry was enormous
Shakespearean plays
Shall we take a guide in Rome?
Shaw's neglected one-act comedy, `A Village Wooing'
She abhors cats
She abjured her beliefs
She ached for a cigarette
She acknowledged his complement with a smile
She acknowledged that she might have forgotten
She actioned the company for discrimination
She acts as the chair
She acts in this play
She added a personal note to her letter
She affiliates with her colleagues
She aged gracefully
She agreed to all my conditions
She agreed to bear the responsibility
She aired her opinions on welfare
She alienated her friends when she became fanatically religious
She alone sustained her family
She always digresses when telling a story
She always fiddles with her van on the weekend
She always held herself as a lady
She always precedes her lectures with a joke
She always runs to Italy, because she has a lover there
She always seeks to do good in the world
She always shoots her mouth off and says things she later regrets
She always takes an umbrella
She always thinks about her children first
She anglicised her name after moving from Paris to London
She appealed the verdict
She appeared in `Hamlet' on the London stage
She appeared on several charges of theft
She applied for college
She applied paint to the back of the house
She apprenticed with the great master
She arrived home at 7 o'clock
She ascended from a life of poverty to one of great renown
She ascended to the throne after the King's death
She asked her older brother to escort her to the ball
She asked him for a loan
She asked him to be here at noon
She assumed indifference, even though she was seething with anger
She assumed strange manners
She attends class regularly
She attends the old lady in the wheelchair
She auditioned for a role on Broadway
She authored this play
She authorized her assistant to sign the papers
She avoids big scenes...preferring to rely on small gestures and dead-on dialogue
She backed out of her promise
She badmouths her husband everywhere
She barked into the dictaphone
She bears the title of Duchess
She beat the dealer down to a much better price
She beat the merchant down $100
She became habituated to the background music
She began Russian at an early age
She believes in spirits
She bethought her of their predicament
She bettered her own record
She bit out a curse
She blew the horn
She bogged down many times while she wrote her dissertation
She bolted from her seat
She bore up under the enormous strain
She bosomed his letters
She bowed before the Queen
She bowed her head in shame
She braved the elements
She breathes the Christian spirit
She breeds dogs
She bridled at his suggestion to elope
She brings a special atmosphere to our meetings
She bristled at his insolent remarks
She broke her clavicle
She broke the match
She brushed the suit before hanging it back into the closet
She bunched her fingers into a fist
She busies herself with her butterfly collection
She buys for the big department store
She called for room service
She called her children lazy and ungrateful
She called on her Representative to help her
She calls him by first name
She came a long way
She came away angry
She came close to quitting her job
She came down with pneumonia
She came near to screaming with fear
She can hold an audience spellbound
She cannot conceive
She cannot forgive him for forgetting her birthday
She canvassed the walls of her living room so as to conceal the ugly cracks
She captured all the men's hearts
She carried herself well
She carries her ideas to the extreme
She carries her mother's genes
She carved out a reputation among her male colleagues
She cast her request in very polite language
She caught her son eating candy
She caught his eye
She chaired the department for many years
She challenged his claims
She chanced upon an interesting book in the bookstore the other day
She changed completely as she grew older
She changed in Chicago on her way to the East coast
She charmed him into giving her all his money
She chastised him for his insensitive remarks
She cheats on her husband
She checked for an instant and missed a step
She choked her anger
She choked with emotion when she spoke about her deceased husband
She chose not to attend classes and now she failed the exam
She circulates among royalty
She claims to never dream
She clasped and unclasped her hands
She clawed the doorknob
She clobbered the man who tried to attack her
She cloistered herself in the office
She clutched her purse
She clutched my arm when she got scared
She cold-shouldered her ex-fiance
She collected old glass
She committed herself to the work of God
She completed the requirements for her Master's Degree
She composed a poem
She conceals her anger well
She condoned her husband's occasional infidelities
She confessed that she had taken the money
She continued as deputy mayor for another year
She continued in the direction of the hills
She converted to Buddhism
She conveyed the message to me
She copped out when she was supposed to get into the hang glider
She could act neurotic anxiety
She could not help watching the sad spectacle
She could not recapture that feeling of happiness
She could not shift so all her letters are written in lower case
She covered herself with glory
She covets her sister's house
She creams her face every night
She cried bitterly when she heard the news of his death
She cried loud and clear
She crowed with joy
She cruised the neighborhood in her new convertible
She cupped her hands
She curled farther down under the covers
She curtsied when she shook the Queen's hand
She cut all of her major titles again
She cut him dead at the meeting
She cut the deck for a long time
She dabbles in astronomy
She damaged the car when she hit the tree
She dashed into the yard
She dashed off a letter to her lawyer
She dashed off a note to her husband saying she would not be home for supper
She deals in gold
She decided to carry the child to term, even though the foetus was shown to be defective
She dedicated her book to her parents
She defrauded the customers who trusted her
She demanded to see the manager
She denied herself wine and spirits
She denied that she had taken money
She denies me every pleasure
She denoted her feelings clearly
She deposits her paycheck every month
She designed a good excuse for not attending classes that day
She designed to go far in the world of business
She detected high levels of lead in her drinking water
She detests politicians
She devoured his novels
She did all the work while he lay around
She did not understand her husband
She didn't get his name when they met the first time
She didn't get the joke
She didn't get to Chicago until after midnight
She didn't know what her classmates were plotting but finally caught on
She didn't know what to expect from her new job, so she played it by ear
She didn't leave until midnight
She didn't think to harm me
She didn't touch her food all night
She didn't want to answer
She died from cancer
She died to worldly things and eventually entered a monastery
She dipped her knee
She disagrees with her husband on many questions
She disassociated herself from the organization when she found out the identity of the president
She dished out the soup at 8 P.M.
She dismissed his advances
She disparaged her student's efforts
She disposed of her parents' possessions
She dissolved into tears when she heard that she had lost all her savings in the pyramid scheme
She divested herself of her outdoor clothes
She doesn't believe in the supernatural
She doesn't give a damn about her job
She doesn't know this composer
She doesn't test well
She dolled herself up for the night out with her friends
She donates to her favorite charity every month
She doubles as his wife and secretary
She dresses in the latest Paris fashion
She drew $2,000 from the account
She drew an elephant
She drew strength from the minister's words
She drew water from the barrel
She drives for the taxi company in Newark
She dropped acid when she was a teenager
She dropped into army jargon
She dropped the hair dryer into the bathtub and was instantly electrocuted
She drove me to school every day
She drowned her trouble in alcohol
She dumped her boyfriend when she fell in love with a rich man
She dunked the piece of bread in the sauce
She dying for a cigarette
She eagled the hole
She earns a lot in her new job
She elaborated on the main ideas in her dissertation
She emaciated during the chemotherapy
She embraced Catholicism
She ended their friendship when she found out that he had once been convicted of a crime
She enlarged the flower beds
She entered upon the estate of her rich relatives
She enumerated the many obstacles she had encountered
She exceeded our expectations
She excelled in math
She exempted me from the exam
She expressed her anger
She expressed the letter to Florida
She extended her visit by another day
She exudes great confidence
She failed in her obligations as a good daughter-in-law
She failed to notice that her child was no longer in his crib
She falls over backwards when she sees her mother-in-law
She falsified the records
She fancied a necklace that she had seen in the jeweler's window
She fashioned a tent out of a sheet and a few sticks
She feasted her eyes on the Tuscan landscape
She fell and drew in
She fell apart when her only child died
She fell back in her chair
She fell for the man from Brazil
She fell ill
She fell in love with her former student
She fell sick last Friday, and now she is in the hospital
She felt an object brushing her arm
She felt resentful
She felt sad after her loss
She felt small and insignificant
She felt strong concern for those less fortunate
She felt the heat when she got out of the car
She felt tired after the long hike
She ferreted out the truth
She finally broke herself of smoking cigarettes
She finally drove him to change jobs
She finally perceived the futility of her protest
She finally picked her successor
She finally retired that old coat
She followed a guru for years
She followed dinner with a brandy
She followed the feminist movement
She followed the men with the binoculars
She followed up his recommendations with a written proposal
She forced her diet fads on him
She forced him to take a job in the city
She forged a Green Card
She forked her fingers
She found her voice and replied quickly
She found that he had lied to her
She found the time and energy to take care of her aging parents
She freshened up after the tennis game
She freshened up in the bathroom
She froze when she saw her ex-husband
She fusses over her husband
She gained 20 pounds when she stopped exercising
She gave away her antique furniture
She gave her hand to her little sister
She gave herself to many men
She gave him First Aid
She gave him a black eye
She gave me a dirty look
She gave the boy a good spanking
She gave the children lots of love and tender loving care
She gave up her children to her ex-husband when she moved to Tahiti
She gets away with murder!
She gets to fretting if I stay away from home too long
She goes by her maiden name again
She goes shopping every Friday
She got a bruise on her leg
She got a lot of paintings from her uncle
She got the bus just as it was leaving
She got the goods on her co-worker after reading his e-mail
She got the mood just right in her photographs
She grabbed the child's hand and ran out of the room
She graduated in 1990
She grew angry
She groped for her glasses in the darkness of the bedroom
She groped for his keys in the dark
She had broken with the traditional patterns
She had dinner and got a second wind to finish painting
She had her eyebrows threaded
She had informed on her own parents for years
She had known all along
She had never sung better
She had scraped together enough money for college
She had to compose herself before she could reply to this terrible insult
She had to juggle her job and her children
She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly
She had to recast her image to please the electorate in her home state
She hails from Kalamazoo
She hangs out at the corner cafe
She harped the Saint-Saens beautifully
She has $1,000 in the bank
She has a lot to kick about
She has a way of ruffling feathers among her colleagues
She has a way of teasing men with her flirtatious behavior
She has arthritis
She has been playing on Broadway for years
She has learned to live with her husband's little idiosyncrasies
She has not been well lately
She has so many books, she just lost track and cannot find this volume
She has the names of the fifty states down pat
She has to balance work and her domestic duties
She hasn't heard from her brother in years--he dropped out after moving to California
She haunts the ballet
She heaped scorn upon him
She heaved a deep sigh when she saw the list of things to do
She held her ears when the jackhammer started to operate
She helped herself to some of the office supplies
She hennas her hair every month
She holds a Master's degree from Harvard
She holds her head high
She hoped that the problem would eventually pass away
She hopped a train to Chicago
She housecleans every week
She hummed a melody
She hung on his every word
She hunted for her reading glasses but was unable to locate them
She hurt me when she did not include me among her guests
She idealized her husband after his death
She identified the man on the `wanted' poster
She impersonates Madonna
She inclined her head to the student
She inclines to the view that people should be allowed to expres their religious beliefs
She incorporated his suggestions into her proposal
She indulges in ice cream
She instructed the students to work on their pronunciation
She interjected clever remarks
She interrupted her pregnancy
She invoiced the company for her expenses
She invoked an ancient law
She irrupted into our sitting room
She is a fine lecturer but she doesn't like mentoring
She is a very controlling mother and doesn't let her children grow up
She is always harping on the same old things
She is always stepping on others to get ahead
She is amassing a lot of data for her thesis
She is bearing his child
She is coaching the crew
She is covering for our secretary who is ill this week
She is crusading for women's rights
She is driven by her passion
She is driving away at her doctoral thesis
She is expecting in March
She is floundering in college
She is harboring a grudge against him
She is hiding out in a cabin in Montana
She is impeding the progress of our project
She is internationally known
She is itching to start the project
She is looking to a promotion
She is mainlining heroin
She is majoring in linguistics
She is ministering in an old parish
She is mourning her dead child
She is obsessing over her weight
She is our resident philosopher
She is overdramatizing her child's failure in the physics class
She is playing up to the chairman
She is pouting because she didn't get what she wanted
She is pushing fifty
She is reading for the bar exam
She is remaking her image
She is running a relief operation in the Sudan
She is sculpting the block of marble into an image of her husband
She is suffering from the hot weather
She is supposed to put out
She is too shy to solicit
She is training for the Olympics
She is training to be a teacher
She is trespassing upon my privacy
She is turning 50 this year
She is well schooled in poetry
She isn't really working--she's just going through the motions
She joined him for a drink
She jumbles the words when she is supposed to write a sentence
She keeps a few chickens in the yard
She keeps a sixpack and a week's worth of supplies in the refrigerator
She keeps an apartment in Paris for her shopping trips
She keeps plugging away at her dissertation
She kept her maiden name after she married
She kept reiterating her request
She kicked her heels for hours at the gate of the Embassy
She killed a bottle of brandy that night
She killed the ball
She kissed her grandfather on the forehead when she entered the room
She knotted her fingers
She knows how to knit
She knows how to work the system
She laid her job on the line when she told the boss that he was wrong
She laid out her plans for the new house
She laughs away all these problems
She leafed through the volume
She leaned over the banister
She learned dancing from her sister
She left a mess when she moved out
She left a message but the contractor never called back
She left her position with the Red Cross
She let out a big heavy sigh
She let the walls of the apartment be beplastered with stucco
She lied when she told me she was only 29
She likes to dress when going to the opera
She likes to read Russian novels
She likes to relegate difficult questions to her colleagues
She lipsticked her mouth
She locked her jewels in the safe
She looked away when the nurse pricked her arm with the needle
She looked her devotion to me
She looked out the window, daydreaming
She looked over the expanse of land
She looked pale after the surgery
She looks like her mother
She lost her husband in the war
She lost her purse when she left it unattended on her seat
She lost the game but carried the match
She loves her boss and works hard for him
She loves her husband deeply
She loves to ride her new motorcycle through town
She loves to stay at home and cocoon
She lunched us well
She made 29 points that day
She made as if to say hello to us
She made out that she know nothing about the crime
She made us look silly
She magnetized the audience with her tricks
She makes herself up every morning
She makes like an actress
She managed her parents' affairs after they got too old
She managed to catch herself before telling her boss what was on her mind
She managed to mollify the angry customer
She manages to hold down two jobs
She maneuvered herself into the directorship
She manipulates her boss
She massaged his sore back
She mastered Japanese in less than two years
She may not make the grade
She messaged the committee
She messaged the final report by fax
She met up with her former lover
She mimeographed the syllabus
She minced down the street
She misconstrued my remarks
She mispronounces many Latinate words
She missed her train
She missed his point
She mistimed the marathon runner
She molded the rice balls carefully
She mouthed a swear word
She murmured softly to the baby in her arms
She must answer for her actions
She must peroxide her hair-it looks unnaturally blond
She nags her husband all day long
She nailed her astrophysics course
She naps everyday after lunch for an hour
She nasalizes all her vowels
She neutralized the solution
She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money
She never dresses up, even when she goes to the opera
She never eats a full meal--she just nibbles
She never helps around the house
She never loses weight because she snacks between meals
She never misses a chance to grandstand
She never objected to the amount of work her boss charged her with
She never sat a horse!
She never touched her husband
She nibbled on her cracker
She nosed the car into the left lane
She noted that someone was following her
She nudged my elbow when she saw her friend enter the restaurant
She observed that his presentation took up too much time
She offered us all a cold drink
She only glanced at the paper
She opted for the job on the East coast
She ordered him to do the shopping
She outdoes all other athletes
She outfoxed her competitors
She outgrew her childish habits
She outlived her husband by many years
She overdrew her account
She overspecialized when she concentrated on verbs in Fijian
She owes me $200
She packs a gun when she goes into the mountains
She parades her new husband around town
She passed around the plates
She passed off as a Russian agent
She passed off the insult
She passed the family jewels on to her daughter-in-law
She passed the glass off as diamonds
She passed the new Jersey Bar Exam and can practice law now
She perched her hat on her head
She performed perfectly on the balance beam
She perfumes herself every day
She permitted her son to visit her estranged husband
She perms her hair
She persuaded him to decamp
She picked nervously at the buttons of her blouse
She picked up the children at the day care center
She pieced a quilt
She pieced the china cup
She piled up her books in my living room
She pioneered a graduate program for women students
She pitched her speech to the teenagers in the audience
She pitched over the railing of the balcony
She placed the tray down and drew off the cloth
She plastered warnings all over the wall
She played a good backhand last night
She played all her money on the dark horse
She played nervously with her wedding ring
She played the servant to her husband's master
She played the third movement very beautifully
She plays deaf when the news are bad
She plays on her clients' emotions
She plays the races
She plays with the thought of moving to Tasmania
She pleaded not guilty
She plugged a cork in the wine bottle
She plunged at it eagerly
She plunged into a dangerous adventure
She poisoned her husband
She poisoned her husband but he did not die
She polished off the remaining potatoes
She posed as the Czar's daughter
She posited her hand on his shoulder
She postured and made a total fool of herself
She powdered her nose
She predeceased her husband
She pretended not to have known the suicide bomber
She pretends to be an expert on wine
She primmed her lips after every bite of food
She professes organic chemistry
She profited from his vast experience
She prompted me to call my relatives
She pronounces French words in a funny way
She proposed a new theory of relativity
She prostrated herself with frustration
She proved to be right
She published 25 books during her long career
She puckered her lips
She pulled along a large trunk
She pulled it off, even though we never thought her capable of it
She pumped the witnesses for information
She pursued many activities
She pushed up her children when the policeman came by
She put on a sun room
She put too much emphasis on her the last statement
She quirked her head in a peculiar way
She radiates happiness
She railed against the bad social policies
She raised hell when she found out that she wold not be hired again
She raked her fingers through her hair
She rammed her mind into focus
She ran 10 miles that day
She ran her fingers along the carved figurine
She raved about that new restaurant
She reacts negatively to everything I say
She read the sky and predicted rain
She really caught the spirit of the place in her drawings
She reclined her head on the pillow
She redefined his duties
She reduced her niece to a servant
She reenacted what had happened earlier that day
She refrains from calling her therapist too often
She refused to chiromance my fate
She regained control of herself
She reinstalled the washer after it had been repaired
She relaced her boots
She relates well to her peers
She relished her fame and basked in her glory
She reloaded the gun carefully
She rendered the French poem into English
She renounced her husband
She repaired her TV set
She repudiated the accusations
She requested an extra bed in her room
She resembles her mother very much
She resents being paid less than her co-workers
She resides in Princeton
She retained her composure
She retains a lawyer
She reviews books for the New York Times
She revived after the doctor gave her an injection
She rocked back and forth on her feet
She rode a wave of popularity
She rolled over her IRA
She rolled the ball
She rolled up a small fortune
She rolls her r's
She roots for the Broncos
She rose stiffly, jerkily from the window seat
She rubbed down her child with a sponge
She runs around telling everyone of her troubles
She said `Hello' to everyone in the office
She said her `Hail Mary'
She sailed through her exams
She salts her lectures with jokes
She sang very musically
She sank her fingers into the soft sand
She sat there crocheting all day
She saved the old family photographs in a drawer
She scalded her hands when she turned on the faucet and hot water came out
She scanned the newspaper headlines while waiting for the taxi
She scavenged the garbage cans for food
She scored high on the SAT
She scrubbed his back
She sealed the letter with hot wax
She seems to be sleeping
She seized control of the throne after her husband died
She selected a pair of shoes from among the dozen the salesgirl had shown her
She sells her body to survive and support her drug habit
She sensitized me with respect to gender differences in this traditional male-dominated society
She sent her children to camp
She served in Congress for two terms
She served in Vietnam
She served the art of music
She set up a literacy program
She sets aside time for meditation every day
She settled the teacart
She shamed him into making amends
She sheered her car around the obstacle
She shines at math
She shirks her duties
She shook her finger at the naughty students
She shot back an answer
She showed her disappointment
She showed her talent for cooking
She shows her dogs frequently
She sighed sadly
She signed away her rights
She signed the letter and sent it off
She sings rather unmusically
She slipped in a reference to her own work
She slipped off her jacket
She slipped up and revealed the name
She smashed her car against the guard rail
She smatters Russian
She smiled her thanks
She smuggled cigarettes across the border
She snapped a picture of the President
She snubbed his proposal
She sold her principles for a successful career
She sourced a supply of carpet
She sowed sunflower seeds
She spearheaded the effort to find a cure for the disease
She specializes in Near Eastern history
She specializes in honey bees
She spelled her husband at the wheel
She spends her weekends cataloguing
She splashed the water around her
She spurned his advances
She squeaked by me
She squeezed the bottle
She stands 6 feet tall
She started menstruating at the age of 11
She started the soup while it was still hot
She startled when I walked into the room
She stepped into a life of luxury
She sticks to her principles
She stood by her husband in times of trouble
She stood in for the soprano who suffered from a cold
She stood there winnowing grain all day in the field
She stopped in front of a store window
She stoppered the wine bottle
She strips in front of strangers every night for a living
She strode several miles towards the woods
She struggled for years to survive without welfare
She stubbed her toe in the dark and now it's broken
She stuck out two years in a miserable marriage
She stuck up for the teacher who was accused of harassing the student
She studied hard but failed nevertheless
She stuffed herself at the dinner
She stumbled over the tree root
She subsided into the chair
She succeeded in persuading us all
She suffered a fracture in the accident
She suffered worst of all
She suffers from a tendency to talk too much
She supported him during the illness
She supported the motion to strike
She surprised the couple
She swallowed the last words of her speech
She swattered about in the pool
She switched psychiatrists
She takes Route 1 to Newark
She takes after her father!
She takes care of all the necessary arrangements
She talks a lot of nonsense
She tended to blast when speaking into a microphone
She tends to be nervous before her lectures
She tends to put down younger women colleagues
She tends to the children
She tested high on the LSAT and was admitted to all the good law schools
She thinks the world of her adviser
She thought herself into a state of panic over the final exam
She threw herself forwards
She threw the blanket around the child
She threw the flashlight beam into the corner
She thrust the letter into his hand
She toes inwards
She told the misbehaving student off
She took a chill
She took care of this business
She took credit for the whole idea
She took great pride in her sons
She took her seat on the stage
She took him up short before he could continue
She took orders last month
She took the job as director of development
She took to drink
She took up her position behind the tree
She topped her performance of last year
She topped off the cup
She tossed back her head
She traced the circumstances of her birth
She trained her long scarf behind her
She trained to Hamburg
She transformed the clay into a beautiful sculpture
She treated her houseguests with good food every night
She tried for the Olympics
She tried to cheer up the disappointed child when he failed to win the spelling bee
She tried to gloss over her mistakes
She trotted the horse home
She tugged and wrestled with her conflicts
She tugged for years to make a decent living
She turned a smile on me
She turned from herself and learned to listen to others' needs
She turned to her relatives for help
She turned up HIV positive
She turned up at the funeral
She tutored me in Spanish
She unclothed her innermost feelings
She uncrossed her legs
She understands French
She unsexed herself
She used to call her mother every week but now she calls only occasionally
She uses drugs rarely
She uses her influential friends to get jobs
She vacated the position when she got pregnant
She vented her anger
She versed herself in Roman archeology
She vested her vast fortune in her two sons
She vetted for the farms in the area for many years
She views this quite differently from me
She volunteered to drive the old lady home
She voted for going to the Chinese restaurant
She walked out on her husband and children
She walks 3 miles every day
She walks around with this strange boyfriend
She walks in at all hours, as if she lived here
She walks with a slight limp
She wanted her hair cropped short
She wanted to aim a pun
She wanted to buy his love with her dedication to him and his work
She wanted to shellac the desk to protect it from water spots
She wants to act Lady Macbeth, but she is too young for the role
She wants to leave
She warmed up after we had lunch together
She warned him to be quiet
She was admitted to the New Jersey Bar
She was afraid that I might be embarrassed
She was anointed the head of the Christian fundamentalist group
She was beaming with joy
She was belabored by her fellow students
She was besieged by so many problems that she got discouraged
She was born on a farm
She was branded a loose woman
She was burning with anger
She was called into the director's office
She was caught shoplifting
She was charged with supervising the creation of a concordance
She was checking out the apples that the customer had put on the conveyer belt
She was compensated for the loss of her arm in the accident
She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation
She was dazzled by the bright headlights
She was declared incompetent
She was demoted because she always speaks up
She was descended from an old Italian noble family
She was destined to become a great pianist
She was digging away at her math homework
She was disqualified for the Olympics because she was a professional athlete
She was drawn to despair
She was dynamized by her desire to go to grad school
She was eating a banana
She was found out when she tried to cash the stolen checks
She was frazzled after the visit of her in-laws
She was grazed by the stray bullet
She was holding it over him
She was indisposed
She was intended to become the director
She was killed in the collision of three cars
She was laid off together with hundreds of other workers when the company downsized
She was laid up with pneumonia for six weeks
She was made president of the club
She was named Head of the Committee
She was never equipped to be a dancer
She was not properly credited in the program
She was penalized for a spelling mistake or a misplaced accent
She was pleading insanity
She was propositioned by a stranger at the party
She was qualified to run the marathon
She was rather perturbed by the news that her father was seriously ill
She was recalled by a loud laugh
She was rubricated by the pope
She was salivating over the raise she anticipated
She was sandwiched in her airplane seat between two fat men
She was seduced by the temptation of easy money and started to work in a massage parlor
She was serenaded by her admirers
She was shut off from the friends
She was singing while she was cooking
She was singled out for her outstanding performance
She was sipping her tea
She was sizzling with anger
She was slated to be his successor
She was so worried, she lay awake all night long
She was staggered with bills after she tried to rebuild her house following the earthquake
She was stigmatized by society because she had a child out of wedlock
She was streaming with sweat
She was tenured after she published her book
She was the center of attention
She was underdressed for the hiking trip and suffered hypothermia
She was wearing yellow that day
She was working on her second martini when the guests arrived
She washed down her dinner with a bottle of red wine
She waved her gun
She waved her hand and scattered the crowds
She waved her scarf at him bannerlike
She waved to her friends
She went `Mmmmm'
She went into ecstasy
She went through a lot of trouble
She whistled a melody
She whistled for her maid
She whored herself to Hollywood
She will catch hell for this behavior!
She will go down as the first feminist
She will talk at Rutgers next week
She winced when she heard his pompous speech
She winked at him
She witnessed the accident and had to testify in court
She woke up to the sound of the alarm clock
She won't dish the dirt
She worked on her friends to support the political candidate
She works as a waitress to put herself through college
She works out in the gym every day
She works the night clubs
She wrapped her arms around the child
She writes code faster than anybody else
She writes copy for Harper's Bazaar
She wrote the letter on Monday but she dated it Saturday so as not to reveal that she procrastinated
She's just acting
Sherman's scorched earth policy
Shift one's position
Shine the light on that window, please
Shining Path has been responsible for 30,000 deaths
Shinto temples
Ship rides at anchor
Ships ply the waters near the coast
Shorts that ride up
Should I patent this invention?
Should Japan be remilitarized?
Should one harvest organs from dead people for transplants?
Should we believe a publication like the National Enquirer?
Show me your etchings, please
Shreds of paper sailed through the air
Siamese kings
Siberian coal miners
Siberian natural resources
Siblings are always fighting
Sid, as he was familiarly known by his friends, was one of the most respected and devoted members of the socialist minority group
Sierra Leonean politics
Sign up for yoga classes
Silence fell
Silence is better than unmeaning words
Since she accepted the new position, she has been raking it in
Sing Christmas carols
Singaporean rubber
Sinhalese rebels fighting the Tamils
Sinitic dialects
Skip a stone across the pond
Slat the windows
Slavery is already dead, and cannot be resurrected
Slavery was abolished in the mid-19th century in America and in Russia
Slaves were enfranchised in the mid-19th century
Slice the salami, please
Slovenian independence
Smash a plate
Smith converted and his team won
Smith covered again
Smith passed
Smith replaced Miller as CEO after Miller left
Smoke swelled from it
Smoking is banned in this building
Snow capped the mountains
Snow reported on China in the 1950's
Snow wrote about China
So as to prevent cheating, he was asked to reshuffle the cards
So every bondman in his own hand bears the power to cancel his captivity
So far he hasn't called
Social forces converged to bring the Fascists back to power
Social relations impose courtesy
Socialism extinguished these archaic customs
Society stratifies when the income gap widens
Socrates refused to flee and died by drinking hemlock
Socrates was accused of corrupting young men
Socrates' inwardness, integrity, and inquisitiveness
Socratic teaching
Somali coffee is excellent
Some Amish people have commercialized their way of life
Some cells had nucleated
Some eccentric constructed an electric brassiere warmer
Some employees were squeezed out by the recent budget cuts
Some governors can veto line items in their state budgets
Some languages sexualize all nouns and do not have a neuter gender
Some life-forms were obliterated by the radiation, others survived
Some nice results emerged from the study
Some old photographs are handcolored
Some parents exercise their infants
Some people can down a pound of meat in the course of one meal
Some people prefer camping to staying in hotels
Some physiologists infuses sugar solutions into the veins of animals
Some plants reseed themselves indefinitely
Some religious groups are persecuted in some countries
Some speakers trill their r's
Some towns in New Jersey are becoming overpopulated
Some travelers pass through the desert
Someone broke in while I was on vacation
Someone outed a CIA agent
Someone should vet this report before it goes out
Someone snitched my wallet!
Someone stole my wallet on the train
Someone tampered with the documents on my desk
Something pressed on his mind
Sophisticate rose water with geraniol
Sorry to trouble you, but...
Sotho noun classifiers
Sound carries well over water
Sound is reflected well in this auditorium
Sounds wafted into the room
Sousa wrote the best marches
South America is an important market for goods from the United States
Soviet leaders
Soviet troops invaded Afghanistan in 1979
Space the interviews so that you have some time between the different candidates
Spam makes me go ballistic
Spanish music
Spartans accused Athenians of effeminateness
Spassky developed quickly
Speakers topicalize more often than they realize
Spice up the evening by inviting a belly dancer
Spicy food disagrees with some people
Splice the wires
Spring popped up everywhere in the valley
Sprinkle the lawn
Spritz the lawn with water
Spruce up your house for Spring
Sputnik was the first man-made satellite to orbit the earth
Square the circle
Sri Lankan beaches
Sri Lankan forces fighting the Sinhalese rebels
St. Anthony was tempted in the desert
Stagnating waters
Stain this table a beautiful walnut color
Stalin wanted to people the empty steppes
Stalin was buried behind the Kremlin wall on Red Square
Stalin's roughshod treatment of the kulaks
Stall the horse
Stamp fascism into submission
Stamp out poverty!
Start a foundation
Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end
Start from the bottom and work towards the top
Stay put in the corner here!
Stay with me, please
Steam propels this ship
Steer clear of him
Stevenson's best-known work is probably `Treasure Island'
Stew the vegetables in wine
Stick around and you will learn something!
Stick to your principles
Stiffen the cream by adding gelatine
Stifle your curiosity
Stir nuts into the dough
Stock prices dropped
Stock prices will be decimalized in the year 2000
Stone tools precede bronze tools
Stones grumbled down the cliff
Stop snivelling--you got yourself into this mess!
Storm the fort
Straighten this post
Strange notions inhabited her mind
Stravinsky no longer causes riots in the streets
Stretch the limits
Stretch your legs!
Strong emotions welled up
Students experiment sexually
Students must plug away at this problem
Students were manning the booths
Students were rioting everywhere in 1968
Stuff money into an envelope
Style my hair
Subjects and verbs must always agree in English
Such boils tend to recrudesce
Such odd-shaped items do not pack well
Such people can practically be typed
Such rich people!
Suddenly, shockingly, the clergyman's son was a desperado.
Suddenly, the proprietor emerged from his office
Sugar rimmed the dessert plate
Sumatran cigars
Summer brings out bright clothes
Summer shows all the languor of a hot, breezeless day as the dancer lazily brushes her hand over her brow
Summon all your courage
Superman is able to leap tall buildings
Supreme Bishop Digby had been spot-promoted to Archangel
Surrender fires the cold skepticism
Susan Hayward plays the wife sharply and sweetly
Susan Smith was professedly guilty of the murders
Suspend the aid to the war-torn country
Suspense was building right from the beginning of the opera
Swallow the raw fish--it won't kill you!
Swat flies
Swedish punch
Swedish umlauts
Sweep the crumbs off the table
Sweep under the bed
Sydney's startling new Opera House
T. Boone Pickens raided many large companies
TCP uses a retransmission strategy to insure that data will not be lost in transmission
Take a cookie!
Take a swipe at one's opponent
Take a test
Take any one of these cards
Take care when you cross the street!
Take note of this chemical reaction
Take notice of the great architecture
Take that weight off me!
Take the case of China
Take the plunge
Take these letters to the boss
Take two aspirin and call me in the morning
Take up a position
Tamil agglutinative phrases
Tantric rituals
Taoist temples
Tears guttered down her face
Tears streamed down her face
Tears well in her eyes
Technology without morality is barbarous; morality without technology is impotent
Ted Williams once had a batting average above .400
Teenagers follow their friends in everything
Television is a medium because it is neither rare nor well done
Tell them that you will be late
Tell what happened
Tempers flared at the meeting
Tennessee Valley Authority
Terror blunted her feelings
Terrorism destabilized the government
Test this recipe
Tetracycline is indicated in such cases
Teutonic peoples such as Germans and Scandinavians and British
Th Egyptians mummified their pharaohs
Thai tones
Thailand is the official name of the former Siam
That depends
That finished me with Mary
That gale could set in on us with the next high tide
That left the four of us
That song put me in awful good humor
That tower rays a laser beam for miles across the sky
That vase in the picture is not centered
That wild, speculative spirit peaked in 1929
That'll fix him good!
The 1960's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions
The Academy was formed to spur research
The Allies escalated the bombing
The Americans bombed Dresden
The Americans were machining while others still hand-made cars
The Anglo-Saxon population of Scotland
The Arab peninsula was partitioned by the British
The Archipelago continues for another 500 miles
The Army field tested the new tanks
The Austrians were yodeling in the mountains
The Aztecs immolated human victims
The Baltic republics
The Beatles were knighted
The Beauty Queen spends her time dedicating parks and nursing homes
The Bible tells people to procreate
The Bordeaux region produces great red wines
The Brazilian team got 4 goals
The British carved up the Ottoman Empire after World War I
The British colonized the East Coast
The Buckeyes fielded a young new quarterback for the Rose Bowl
The CIA unearthed a plot to kill the President
The Census Bureau is an organ of the Commerce Department
The Chinese industrialized textile production
The Chinese would bind the feet of their women
The Church paganized Christianity
The Church reformed me
The Communist government expropriated the landowners
The Constitution provides for the right to free speech
The Crown Prince was acknowledged as the true heir to the throne
The Cubans commandeered the plane and flew it to Miami
The Czar was overthrown
The Czech border
The Czechoslovakian population
The DMZ begins right over the hill
The DNA can recombine
The Deaf often fingerspell
The Dean is pushing for his favorite candidate
The Democratic senators recalcitrated against every proposal from the Republican side
The Democrats outvoted the Republicans
The Democrats still have some cards to play before they will concede the electoral victory
The Democrats turned up the heat on their candidate to concede the election
The Duke hunted in these woods
The Dutch often skate along the canals in winter
The Earth revolves around the Sun
The East German factories were underproducing for many years
The Empire strikes back
The Empire was discerped after the war
The English troops outmaneuvered the Germans
The European Central Bank is Europe's equivalent of the Federal Reserve
The Europeans have mythicized Rte. 66
The FBI seized the drugs
The FBI was tapping the phone line of the suspected spy
The Fed depreciated the dollar once again
The Federal Government carried the province for many years
The Flemish women were lacing in front of the cathedral
The Founding Fathers acted on certain moral principles
The Freedom of Information Act entitles you to request your FBI file
The French doors admit onto the yard
The French doors give onto a terrace
The French family was naturalized last year
The French forces outfought the Germans
The French guillotined many Vietnamese while they occupied the country
The French try to sell us their image as great lovers
The Germans struck Poland on Sept. 1, 1939
The Germans submarined the Allies
The Germans want to appreciate the Deutsche Mark
The Giants dropped 11 of their first 13
The Giants struck back and won the opener
The Greeks personated their gods ridiculous
The Gypsies chiromanced
The Hutus massacred the Tutsis in Rwanda
The Incas terraced their mountainous land
The Iraqis began hostilities
The Israeli army retaliated for the Hamas bombing
The Italians guyed the Tower of Pisa to prevent it from collapsing
The Japanese marched their prisoners through Manchuria
The Japanese sank American ships in Pearl Harbor
The Jews in Eastern Europe were ghettoized
The King abdicated when he married a divorcee
The King abnegated his power to the ministers
The King decreed that all firstborn males should be killed
The King extended his rule to the Eastern part of the continent
The King only can decree
The King ordained the persecution and expulsion of the Jews
The King solemnized this day of morning
The King used to hunt these forests
The King wears a powdered wig
The King will proclaim an amnesty
The King will read the proclamation at noon
The Knicks outplayed the Lakers
The Kurds are combating Iraqi troops in Northern Iraq
The Maestro assented to the request for an encore
The Mafioso who collaborated with the police was executed
The Mercedes trailed behind the horse cart
The Metropolitan Museum is exhibiting Goya's works this month
The Middle East is fermenting
The Missouri and Mississippi Rivers together form the third longest river in the world
The Molotov cocktail exploded
The Moonies indoctrinate their disciples
The Mughals Islamized much of Northern India in the 16th century
The NSF axed the research program and stopped funding it
The National Guardsmen were sent out to trench
The Nazi propaganda vilified the Jews
The Nazis snuffed out the life of many Jewish children
The Nazis stripped the Jews of all their assets
The Nazis swallowed the Baltic countries
The New York Times wrote him up last week
The Pope retreats to Castelgondolfo every summer
The President aberrated from being a perfect gentleman
The President covered the fact that he bugged the offices in the White House
The President declared war
The President dissolved the parliament and called for new elections
The President executed the treaty
The President memorialized the heroes of the battle
The President nominated her as head of the Civil Rights Commission
The President of this university really connects with the faculty
The President raised several million dollars for his college
The President refused to be drawn into delivering an ultimatum
The President stonewalled when he realized the plot was being uncovered by a journalist
The President tried to suborn false witnesses
The President vetoed the bill
The President was greeted with catcalls
The President was impeached
The President was whisked away in his limo
The President's comments drew sharp criticism from the Republicans
The President's convoy rolled past the crowds
The President's spokesmen had to spin the story to make it less embarrassing
The President's wisdom has served the country well
The Press has vulgarized Love and Marriage
The QE2 will sail to Southampton tomorrow
The Qing Dynasty fell with Sun Yat-sen
The Queen was enthroned more than 50 years ago
The Queen's corgis always nip at her staff's ankles
The Queen's garments resplended in velvet and jewels
The Regents officially recognized the new educational institution
The Republicans are floating the idea of a tax reform
The Republicans are trying to unseat the liberal Democrat
The Republicans glommed onto Whitewater
The Republicans were overruled when the House voted on the bill
The Resistance sabotaged railroad operations during the war
The Rolls Royce caught us near the exit ramp
The Rolls pulled up on pour front lawn
The Royal wedding was televised
The Russian government centralized the distribution of food
The Russians exported Marxism to Africa
The Sanskrit text had to be transliterated
The Secretary of State intends to jumpstart the Middle East Peace Process
The Secretary of the Navy will leave office next month
The Senate confirmed the President's candidate for Secretary of Defense
The Senate emasculated the law
The Senator blistered the administration in his speech on Friday
The Senator steamrollered the bill to defeat
The Serbs attacked the village at night
The Shakespeare Company is offering `King Lear' this month
The Sphinx is crumbling
The State of California prosecuted O.J. Simpson
The State taxes alcohol heavily
The Sun eclipses the moon today
The Swedes settled in Minnesota
The Swiss dealer offered $2 million for the painting
The TV announcer never seems to blink
The Thanksgiving turkey was pardoned by the President
The Turks besieged Vienna
The Turks erased the Armenians in 1915
The U.N. troops are working to pacify Bosnia
The U.S. armed the freedom fighters in Afghanistan
The U.S. decided to carpet bomb Vietnam
The U.S. deploys its weapons in the Middle East
The U.S. embargoes Libya
The U.S. is girding for a conflict in the Middle East
The U.S. must redeploy their troops in the Middle East
The U.S. started a war in the Middle East
The U.S. suspected Bin Laden as the mastermind behind the terrorist attacks
The Unabomber letter bombed a number of individuals and institutions
The United States were constitutionalized in the late 18th century
The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia
The Vietnamese mined Cambodia
The Wannsee Conference was called to discuss the `Final Solution'
The Weimar Republic was overthrown in 1933 and replaced by the Third Reich
The White House sits on Pennsylvania Avenue
The Woodstock generation attempted to swing freely
The Yankees outclassed Cincinnati
The `A' will cancel out the `C' on your record
The abstract summarizes the main ideas in the paper
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth
The academy counts several Nobel Prize winners among its members
The accent falls on the first syllable
The accented vowels assonated in this poem
The accident has crippled her for life
The accountant embezzled thousands of dollars while working for the wealthy family
The accused brought forth a letter in court that he claims exonerates him
The acid corroded the metal
The acid distills at a specific temperature
The acting students mimed eating an apple
The actor mimicked the President very accurately
The actor portrays an elderly, lonely man
The actor walked off before he got his cue
The actors were turned out lavishly
The actress abused the policeman who gave her a parking ticket
The actress high-tailed to her villa when reporters began to follow her to the restaurant
The actress won't reveal how old she is
The ad pulled in many potential customers
The adagio transitioned into an allegro
The addict was snorting cocaine almost every day
The ads induced me to buy a VCR
The advent of the automobile may have altered the growth pattern of the city
The advertisement is intended to tease the customers
The aerator overloaded
The afternoon session begins at 4 PM
The age of computers had dawned
The agent booked tickets to the show for the whole family
The agent had roped in several customers
The aggressive investment company pulled in its horns
The air conditioner dehumidifies the air in the summer
The air cooled considerably after the thunderstorm
The air here does not circulate
The air raids had surcharged the emergency wards
The air was surcharged with tension
The airline transitioned to more fuel-efficient jets
The airline tried to reassure the customers that the planes were safe
The airline upgraded me when I arrived late and Coach Class was full
The airplane chandelled
The airplane fishtailed on the runway
The airplane power-dived
The airplane trimmed
The airwaves carry the sound
The alarm emptied the building
The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold
The almanac identifies the auspicious months
The ambassador was recalled to his country
The ambulances were detailed to the fire station
The amount of homework decreased towards the end of the semester
The amount of work increased
The amplifier drives the tube
The ancestor in the painting is staring down menacingly
The ancient Greek story was transplanted into Modern America
The ancient door soughed when opened
The angry mother shouted at the teacher
The animal came questing through the forest
The animal was caged
The animals forage in the woods
The animals were antisepticized by the veterinarian before the operation
The animals were hedged in
The animals were sacrificed after the experiment
The anorexic girl just picks at her food
The anthropologist transcribed the sentences of the native informant
The anticipation of the trip kept the children up all night
The apartment overlooks the Hudson
The apothecary cooked the medicinal mixture in a big iron kettle
The appellate court upheld the verdict
The apple tree bore delicious apples this year
The archeologist traced the hieroglyphs
The archers were drawing their bows
The architect did not think about ventilating the storage space
The architect wants to step the terrace
The archivist chronologized the documents
The are expecting another child in January
The area was urbanized after many people moved in
The army seized the town
The army snaked through the jungle
The army surged forward
The army took the fort on the hill
The army tried to co-opt peasants into civil defence groups
The arrow found its mark
The arrow missed the target
The article about the artist inspired the exhibition of his recent work
The article in the paper sullied my reputation
The artisan crafted a complicated tool
The artist dusted the charcoal drawing down to a faint image
The artist flowed the washes on the paper
The artist must first learn to see
The artist wrote Chinese characters on a big piece of white paper
The artist's work influenced the young painter
The arts in Europe are heavily subsidized
The arts were nazified everywhere in Germany
The ascent was easy--roping down the mountain would be much more difficult and dangerous
The athlete pulled a tendon in the competition
The athlete pumps weights in the gym
The athletes kept jumping over the steadily heightened bars
The athletes were dope by the coach before the race
The attack on Poland terminated the relatively peaceful period after WW I
The attackers leapt out from the bushes
The attempt to rescue the hostages failed miserably
The auction house would not disclose the price at which the van Gogh had sold
The auctioneer called the bids
The audience asked the lecturer to please speak up
The audience fell silent when the speaker entered
The audience got up and applauded
The audience was jolted by the play
The auditorium can't hold more than 500 people
The authentication was counterchallenged
The author autographed his book
The author commands a fair hearing from his readers
The author finally tamed some of his potentially offensive statements
The author novelized the historical event
The author of this article profiles a famous painter
The author recaptures an old idea here
The author talks about the different aspects of this question
The auto workers are striking for higher wages
The auto workers decided to unionize
The awning extends several feet over the sidewalk
The baby cut a tooth
The baby drooled
The baby gurgled with satisfaction when the mother tickled it
The baby nestled her head in her mother's elbow
The baby spattered the bib with food
The baby's heart was pulsating again after the surgeon massaged it
The bacteria suspension was aerosolized
The bacterial growth vegetated along
The bad news shook her hopes
The bad results were excluded from the report
The bad review of his work deflated his self-confidence
The bad state of her child's health demoralizes her
The bad weather continued for another week
The bad weather continued for two more weeks
The bad weather lasted for three days
The bad witch cursed the child
The balloon heeled over
The balloon popped
The balloon shrank
The balloons deflated
The band debuts a new song or two each month
The band played all night long
The bandits were hooded
The bank demanded payment of the loan
The bank offers a good deal on new mortgages
The banks syndicated
The bar keeper threw them out, but they continued to wrangle on down the street
The barber's knife nicked his cheek
The bard metrified his poems very precisely
The barometer is falling
The baseball player stuffed his bat with cork to make it lighter
The basketball player moved from one team to another
The batter connected for a home run
The battle over health care reform was joined
The beam holds up the roof
The beam of light occults every so often
The beams scanned the night sky
The bear pawed the door
The bear stores fat for the period of hibernation when he doesn't eat
The beautiful garden attracted many people
The bed folds in a jiffy
The bedrooms open into the hall
The bee elaborates honey
The bee swarms are hiving
The beekeeper hived the swarm
The bell cracked and had to be recast
The bellbottom pants flare out
The bellies of the starving children are swelling
The benighted peoples of this area
The best student was recognized by the Dean
The bicycle dented my car
The bicycle looped around the tree
The bicyclist was cut out by the van
The big bird clapped its wings
The big cities gave off so many wonderful American qualities
The big ship coaled
The big ship was slowly porting
The big vase overturned
The bill came to $2,000
The bill cleared the House
The bill was recommitted three times in the House
The bill will be considered when the Legislature reconvenes next Fall
The bills amounted to $2,000
The biochip latches onto the genes
The biologist assigned the mushroom to the proper class
The bird flapped its wings
The bird landed on the highest branch
The bird poised for a few moments before it attacked
The bird's wings were flapping
The birds perched high in the tree
The birds preened
The blade broke her skin
The blanket will warm you
The blazing sun crackled the desert sand
The blood regurgitates into the heart ventricle
The blood shed started when the partisans launched a surprise attack
The blood test showed that he was the father
The blood-thirsty mob lynched the alleged killer of the child
The blow got him in the back
The board opposed his motion
The boards fit neatly
The boat ascended the Delaware
The boat beat in the strong wind
The boat cut the water
The boat skirted the coast
The boat tacked
The bodies decomposed in the heat
The body incurvates a little at the back
The body rigidified
The body started to decay and needed to be cremated
The body washed down the river
The body washed up on the beach
The boiling soup was frothing
The bond between the signifier and the signified is arbitrary
The bones are interconnected via the muscle
The bones are rarefied
The book dealer would not break the set
The book holds in store much valuable advise
The book portrays the actor as a selfish person
The book stimulated her imagination
The bored children were fooling about
The boss demanded that he be fired immediately
The boss exploded when he heard of the resignation of the secretary
The boss finally increased her salary
The boss fired his secretary today
The bottle imploded
The boxer drove home a solid left
The boxer struck the attacker dead
The boy chomped his sandwich
The boy floated his toy boat on the pond
The boy kicked the dog
The boy often plays hooky
The boy skinned his knee when he fell
The boy's friends were allowed to sleep over after the birthday party
The boys bobbed down the hill screaming with pleasure
The boys cleaned the sandwich platters
The boys guzzled the cheap vodka
The boys splashed around in the pool
The brace I have to wear is hindering my movements
The brain damage will retard the child's language development
The branch crashed down on my car
The branch fell from the tree
The branch speared up into the air
The branches made a roof
The bread crusted in the oven
The bread will soften if you pour some liquid on it
The breaks of my new car act quickly
The brick connected on her head, knocking her out
The bride's veiled trailed along the ground
The bridge broke and precipitated the train into the river below
The bridge held
The bright light engulfed him completely
The broken vein had flooded blood in her eyes
The broker subscribed 500 shares
The brothers rode to an easy victory on their father's political name
The brothers sell shoes
The brothers who had been fighting over their inheritance finally made peace
The bubble burst
The bubbles swoshed around in the glass
The bugs pinged the lamp shade
The building faces the park
The building reeks of smoke
The building rose before them
The building squatted low
The building was condemned by the inspector
The building was faced with beautiful stones
The building was hemmed in by flowers
The building was levelled
The building was refaced with beautiful stones
The buildings all line up neatly
The buildings in Rome manifest a high level of architectural sophistication
The bull bellowed
The bull was riding the cow
The bullet penetrated her chest
The bullet struck her thigh
The bullet train drew into Tokyo Station
The bullets riddled his body
The bullets were whining past us
The bullets whistled past him
The bully had to back down
The bureaucracy paralyzes the entire operation
The burgeoning administration
The burgeoning population
The burglar jimmied the lock
The burglar wielded an axe
The burglars escaped before the police showed up
The burglars gagged the home owner and tied him to a chair
The burglars robbed him of all his money
The bus thundered down the road
The bus we travelled in broke down on the way to town
The business collapsed
The business partners broke over a tax question
The businessman kited millions of dollars
The butcher weighed the chicken
The cabin pressure fell dramatically
The camera could define the smallest object
The camera cut to the sky
The camera panned across the room
The camera saw the burglary and recorded it
The camera store owner allowed me $50 on my old camera
The cameras were rolling
The canal will transit hundreds of ships every day
The cancer cells are attacking his liver
The cancer had invaded her lungs
The cancer responded to the aggressive therapy
The candidate carefully timed his appearance at the disaster scene
The candidate conceded after enough votes had come in to show that he would lose
The candidate espouses Republican ideals
The candidate picked up thousands of votes after his visit to the nursing home
The candidate platitudinized and bored the audience
The candidate projects himself as a moderate and a reformer
The candidate red-eyed from California to the East Coast the night before the election to give a last stump speech
The candidate reinvented the concept of national health care so that he would get elected
The candidate resurged after leaving politics for several years
The candidate ripped into his opponent mercilessly
The candidate struck out with his health care plan
The candle flickered
The candles are tapered
The candles were burning
The canoe tumped over
The canteen holds fresh water
The capsized boat righted again
The captain will pressurize the cabin for the passengers' comfort
The car accelerated
The car backed up and hit the tree
The car bogged down in the sand
The car burns only Diesel oil
The car caromed off several lampposts
The car carried us off to the meeting
The car changed lanes
The car crashed into the lamp post
The car crashed through the glass door
The car crushed the toy
The car cut to the left at the intersection
The car decelerated
The car died on the road
The car drove around the corner
The car engines overheated
The car hit a tree
The car is still running--turn it off!
The car pinked when the ignition was too far retarded
The car pulled over when the ambulance approached at high speed
The car rear-ended me
The car roared off into the fog
The car salesman had snared three potential customers
The car stalled in the driveway
The car tore down the street
The car whished past her
The caravan covered almost 100 miles each day
The cargo was containerized for safe and efficient shipping
The carpenter finished the table beautifully
The carpet rolls unevenly
The cars careered down the road
The cars collided
The cars hurtled by
The cars raced down the street
The cars slowed down and the drivers rubbernecked after the accident
The case was called up in court
The case was decided
The case will be tried in California
The cast gives full measure every night
The cat draped herself on the sofa
The cat knocked over the flower vase
The cat lapped up the milk
The cat retracted his claws
The cat scraped at the armchair
The cat was crying
The cat washes several times a day
The cations were sequestered
The cattle roam across the prairie
The ceiling blackened
The ceiling is slanting
The ceiling was groined
The cells reduce
The cells segmented
The cells subdivided
The chair must not touch the wall
The chairman addressed the board of trustees
The chairman got hold of a secretary on Friday night to type the urgent letter
The chairman of the company told the salesmen to move the computers
The chairman resigned over the financial scandal
The chairman resigned when he was found to have misappropriated funds
The chairman was hobbled by the all-powerful dean
The chairman was ousted after he misappropriated funds
The champagne bottle exploded
The champagne flowed at the wedding
The champion bicyclist outrode all his competitors
The champion prevailed, though it was a hard fight
The champion's strength played out fast
The charges were inflated
The chauffeur hauled up in front of us
The check will clear within 2 business days
The cheerleaders bustled about excitingly before their performance
The chemical clouded the liquid to which it was added
The chemical that we poured down the drain unclogged it
The chemical undergoes a sudden change
The chemist evaporated the water
The chemist flocculated the suspended material
The chemist managed to isolate the compound
The chemist shook the flask vigorously
The chemist voided the glass bottle
The chemists could not nail the identity of the chromosome
The chemists schematized the various reactions in a coherent fashion
The cherry tree bloomed
The child cannot keep step with his big brother
The child clasped my hands
The child clung to his mother's apron
The child colored the drawings
The child developed beautifully in her new kindergarten
The child dimpled up to the adults
The child dodged the teacher's blow
The child drowned in the lake
The child entangled the cord
The child grew fast
The child had been missing for a week
The child had to recopy the homework
The child is always fidgeting in his seat
The child is taught to obey her parents
The child knows right from wrong
The child leapt across the puddle
The child looks unhappy
The child mucked up his shirt while playing ball in the garden
The child persisted and kept asking questions
The child popped the balloon
The child rode on his mother's hips
The child rolled down the hill
The child screamed when he confronted the man in the Halloween costume
The child strayed from the path and her parents lost sight of her
The child stuffed candy into his pockets
The child suffocated herself with a plastic bag that the parents had left on the floor
The child suffocated under the pillow
The child tried to wriggle free from his aunt's embrace
The child trolled her hoop
The child was injured when he submarined under the safety belt of the car
The child was pinned under the fallen tree
The child was underexposed to language
The child yawned during the long performance
The children acted up when they were not bored
The children are beginning to adolesce around the age of 12
The children are having fun puddling in paint
The children are schooled at great cost to their parents in private institutions
The children are shivering--turn on the heat!
The children asked me about their dead grandmother
The children bubbled over with joy
The children crunched the celery sticks
The children danced with joy
The children fell from grace when they asked for several helpings of dessert
The children frolicked in the garden
The children gobbled down most of the birthday cake
The children hunkered down to protect themselves from the sandstorm
The children in the audience attended the recital quietly
The children like to drink soda
The children love to snowboard in winter
The children made up the chorus
The children misbehaved all morning
The children mocked their handicapped classmate
The children must be properly socialized
The children must learn to behave
The children must learn to reason
The children perished in the fire
The children ran to the store
The children sagged their bottoms down even more comfortably
The children scattered in all directions when the teacher approached
The children shoved along
The children shut up when their father approached
The children sledged all day by the lake
The children snuggled into their sleeping bags
The children squinted so as to scare each other
The children teased the boy because of his stammer
The children teased the new teacher
The children tormented the stuttering teacher
The children traced along the edge of the dark forest
The children went blackberrying
The children went hungry that day
The children were all psyched up after the movie
The children were bedded at ten o'clock
The children were bussed to school
The children were clapping to the music
The children were packed compactly into the car
The children were settled advantageously in Seattle
The children were severely trounced
The children were thrilled at the prospect of going to the movies
The children whooped when they were led to the picnic table
The children wrestled in the garden
The chimney exhales a thick smoke
The chimney was fuming
The chimneys were pluming the sky
The choirs singing uprose and filled the church
The chrysalis is invaginated
The church members co-opted individuals from similar backgrounds to replenish the congregation
The church was tithed
The churches consociated to fight their dissolution
The circumstances extenuate the crime
The circus tented near the town
The cities fell to the enemy
The citizens mark the anniversary of the revolution with a march and a parade
The city has to put up half the required amount
The civil war carried into the neighboring province
The class discussed Dante's `Inferno'
The cliffs were honeycombed
The clock says noon
The clock struck midnight
The clock ticked away
The clocks synchronize
The cloth takes up the liquid
The clothes tumbled in the dryer
The cloud of suspicion hangs over her
The clouds broke after the heavy downpour
The clouds threaten rain
The clown amused the children
The clown had lipsticked circles on his cheeks
The coach cut two players from the team
The coach warmed up the players before the game
The coal in the BBQ grill finally lit up
The coals were glowing in the dark
The cocks crowed all morning
The coffee maker broke
The cold air condensed the steam
The cold hardened the butter
The cold pierced her bones
The cold substance astringes
The cold water invigorated him
The cold water quenched his thirst
The colonists displaced the natives
The colors blend well
The colors don't harmonize
The colors don't intrude on the viewer
The columns were wired to the beams for support
The comedian convulsed the crowd
The comedian drew a lot of laughter
The comedian was so funny, he was killing me!
The comet will transit on September 11
The commencement speaker presented a forceful speech that impressed the students
The commission has discretionary power to award extra funds
The committee came up with some interesting recommendations
The committee concluded the meeting
The committee explained their plan for fund-raising to the Dean
The committee is resting over the summer
The committee winkled out the unqualified candidates
The community warmly received the refugees
The companies consolidated
The company called back many of the workers it had laid off during the recession
The company cleared $1 million
The company decided to divest
The company diversified
The company dumped him after many years of service
The company got rid of all the dead wood
The company had to retrench
The company has been making toys for two centuries
The company has not profited from the merger
The company is heavily advertizing their new laptops
The company is marketing its new line of beauty products
The company located some of their agents in Los Angeles
The company mailed out the catalog to all potential customers
The company managed to recuperate
The company matched the discount policy of its competitors
The company matched the employees' contributions
The company recalled the product when it was found to be faulty
The company spirited him up
The company terminated 25% of its workers
The company trademarked their new gadget
The company turned a loss after the first year
The company turned a nice dime after a short time
The company turns over ten million dollars a year
The company upgraded their personnel
The company was created 25 years ago
The company weeded out the incompetent people
The company's Asia tour begins next month
The composer experimented with a new style
The computer bleeped away
The computer bug generated chaos in the office
The computer generated this image
The computer programmer morphed the image
The con man always evades
The con-man beat me out of $50
The concept expressed by German `Gemuetlichkeit' is not lexicalized in English
The concert closed with a nocturne by Chopin
The concert hall was voided of the audience
The conference center offers a health spa
The confession of one of the accused brought the others to admit to the crime as well
The conglomerate acquired a new company
The congressmen feathered his nest through his connection with big business
The consonant reduplicates after a short vowel
The consonants are geminated in these words
The constant attention of the young man confused her
The constant friction wore out the cloth
The construction company wanted the contract badly and lowballed
The contact with his grandchildren rejuvenated him
The container leaked gasoline
The contract stipulates the dates of the payments
The contract was annulled
The conversation gravitated towards politics
The convertible tooled down the street
The convicted murderer escaped from a high security prison
The convocation ceremony officially begins the semester
The cook blackened the chicken breast
The cook reduced the sauce by boiling it for a long time
The cookies crumbled
The cool water refreshed us
The cooling lava continued to gutter toward lower ground
The corals iridesced under the surface of the clear water
The cord is all twisted
The cork of the champagne bottle popped
The corn shelled
The coronation was filmed
The correspondence lapsed
The corrupt lawyer was disbarred
The cost for the trip excludes food and beverages
The costs had to be recalculated
The council convened last week
The country decimalized the currency in 1975
The country developed into a mighty superpower
The country developed its natural resources
The country is disunifying
The country lay ruined after the war
The country overproduces cars
The country reconquered the territory lost in the previous war
The country was Westernized after it opened up
The country was federated after the civil war
The couple divorced after only 6 months
The couple got spliced on Hawaii
The couple separated after 25 years of marriage
The couple that wanted to adopt the child lost her when the biological parents claimed her
The couple were necking in the back seat of the car
The course covered all of Western Civilization
The course fertilized her imagination
The court adjourned
The court filiated the child born out of wedlock
The court ruling struck a blow at the old segregation laws
The court sustained the motion
The cow accepted the bull
The cow brings in 5 liters of milk
The cow dropped her calf this morning
The cows were masticating the grass
The coyotes were howling in the desert
The cream has turned--we have to throw it out
The creek spun its course through the woods
The criminals were punished and blinded
The crisis precipitated by Russia's revolution
The critic snorted contemptuously
The critics came down hard on the new play
The critics crucified the author for plagiarizing a famous passage
The critics hailed the young pianist as a new Rubinstein
The critics panned the performance
The critics puffed up this Broadway production
The crocodile was crawling along the riverbed
The crowd cheered the demonstrating strikers
The crowd converged on the movie star
The crowd flowed out of the stadium
The crowd irrupted into a burst of patriotism
The crowd jeered at the speaker
The crowd packed the auditorium
The crowd pushed forward
The crowds are moving in
The crowds congregated in front of the Vatican on Christmas Eve
The crowds dispersed
The crowds pressed along the street
The crowds spilled out into the streets
The cub reporter covered New York City
The cuff of the coat had been resewn
The current boom in the economy sucked many workers in from abroad
The current system lends itself to great abuse
The curtain fell on the diva
The curtain ripped from top to bottom
The curtain rose to disclose a stunning set
The curtain swooshed open
The curtain whipped her face
The curtains undulated
The customer bruised the strawberries by squeezing them
The customer dressed down the waiter for bringing cold soup
The customer fingered the sweater
The customer picked over the selection
The customer that was not served walked out
The customer was seething with anger
The customs agent examined the baggage
The customs agents destroyed the dog that was found to be rabid
The customs agents impounded the illegal shipment
The cyclist has eliminated all the competitors in the race
The daily stress of her work is killing her
The dam broke
The dam burst
The dancer dazzled the audience with his turns and jumps
The dancer floated across the stage
The dancers broke into a cha-cha
The dandelions went to seed
The day went well until I got your call
The day wore on
The dead are to uprise
The dead man's stomach was bloated
The dead woman was eulogized at the funeral
The dealer put up three of his most valuable paintings for auction
The dealer warrants all the cars he sells
The dean denied the students' request for more physics courses
The dean of students tries to orient the freshmen
The death of her mother removed the last obstacle to their marriage
The death of her son smashed her
The death of his child aged him tremendously
The death of his parents unbalanced him
The death of his wife caused him to age fast
The death of their child had drawn them together
The debate intensified
The debate sharpened
The decree officially dissolved the marriage
The deed was drawn in the lawyer's office
The deer population in this town is thriving
The defendant answered to all the charges of the prosecution
The defendant was bound over for trial
The defender dropped back behind his teammate
The defense attorney charged that the jurors were biased
The delegates clamored their disappointment
The demonstration continued after a break for lunch
The demonstrators plastered the hallways with posters
The dentist cleaned my teeth
The dentist dislodged the piece of food that had been stuck under my gums
The dentist implanted a tooth in the gum
The dentist sequesters the tooth he is working on
The deputy ragged the Prime Minister
The derelict soldier shirked his duties
The dervishes whirl around and around without getting dizzy
The designer romanticized the little black dress
The despot gassed the rebellious tribes
The detective lost the man he was shadowing after he had to stop at a red light
The detergent discolored my shirts
The developers parceled the land
The devil will fetch you!
The dew moistened the meadows
The diary shows his distress that evening
The diner signaled the waiters to bring the menu
The diners did the food and wine justice
The dining room blackened out
The director moved more responsibilities onto his new assistant
The director of the factory misused the funds intended for the health care of his workers
The director re-emphasized the need for greater productivity
The director warned him that he might be fired
The director was pensioned off when he got senile
The director was retired after the scandal
The dirty side will show
The discovery of the skull riveted the paleontologists
The discussion devolved into a shouting match
The discussion has changed my thinking about the issue
The discussions with my teacher reverberated throughout my adult life
The disease extended into the remote mountain provinces
The disease ossified the tissue
The disease struck down many young men in the village
The disease took off
The disease will run on unchecked
The dissatisfied students held the President's office for almost a week
The distended bellies of the starving cows
The distinction between the two theories blurred
The distinction was obscured
The district attorney's office investigated reports of possible irregularities
The diva swept into the room
The doctor advocated a smoking ban in the entire house
The doctor decided that the patient must be purged
The doctor distilled a few drops of disinfectant onto the wound
The doctor followed up the surgery with radiation
The doctor plastinates bodies to teach anatomy to his students
The doctor recited the list of possible side effects of the drug
The doctor treated my broken leg
The doctor warned me about the dangers of smoking
The doctor x-rayed my chest
The doctors drew medical supplies from the hospital's emergency bank
The doctors operated on the patient but failed to save his life
The doctors revived the comatose man
The dog acts ferocious, but he is really afraid of people
The dog checked
The dog did a job on my pillow
The dog fetched the hat
The dog had made in the flower beds
The dog nosed out the drugs
The dog picked up the scent
The dog pricked up his ears
The dog rolled over
The dog snapped off a piece of cloth from the intruder's pants
The dog suddenly turned on the mailman
The dog was groaking his master who was eating a sausage
The dog went off and quested
The dog's fur bristled
The dogs are running deer
The dogs barked at the stranger
The dollar depreciated again
The door creaked when I opened it slowly
The door opened
The door sticks--we will have to plane it
The door unlocked from the inside
The door yielded to repeated blows with a battering ram
The double agent was blown by the other side
The dough expands
The draft gave me a cold
The dragon shot fumes and flames out of its mouth
The drains clogged up
The drawing caricatured the President
The drawing of the suspect answers to the description the victim gave
The dress clings to her body
The dress got wrinkled
The dress hugged her hips
The dress molds her beautiful figure
The dress remained wet after repeated attempts to dry it
The dried grass of the prairie kindled, spreading the flames for miles
The drive carried to the green
The driver jammed the brake pedal to the floor
The driver squinted as the sun hit his windshield
The drug smugglers landed the heroin on the beach of the island
The drug stabilized her blood pressure
The drums beat all night
The drums spoke
The drunk man stumbled about
The drunk man tottered over to our table
The drunkard tends to vulgarize
The drunken man staggered into the room
The drunken men were cursing loudly in the street
The ducklings followed their mother around the pond
The ducks and geese puddled in the backyard
The ducks quacked
The dusky night rides down the sky/And ushers in the morn
The dying man blessed his son
The eagle beat its wings and soared high into the sky
The eagle stooped on the mice in the field
The early Christian disciples broke bread together
The early Church not unnaturally adopted the position that failure to see the messianic character of his work was really caused by the people's own blindness
The earth that he fructified
The earth was quaking
The earthquake generated a tsunami
The earthquake struck at midnight
The economic downturn blindsided many investors
The economic indicators signal that the euro is undervalued
The economy destabilized rapidly
The economy finally turned down after a long boom
The economy reflated after the Fed took extreme measures
The economy stabilized
The economy, stupid!
The editor improved the manuscript with his changes
The editors of the left-leaning paper attacked the new House Speaker
The editors of the paper spew out hostile articles about the Presidential candidate
The effect vanished when day broke
The effort to pass the exam consumed all his energy
The efforts were intensified
The egg fertilized in vitro implanted in the uterus of the birth mother with no further complications
The egg yolk vascularized
The egg yolk will inspissate
The eggs are vitalized
The electrons were perturbed by the passing ion
The embryo develops into a fetus
The emergency does not warrant all of us buying guns
The employees walked out when their demand for better benefits was not met
The employees were disgruntled by their bad working conditions
The employer wants to cut back health benefits
The empty house alarmed him
The end draws nigh
The endangered turtles were translocated to a safe environment
The enemies were scalped
The enemy army came nearer and nearer
The enemy exploded the bridge
The enemy fell back
The enemy has been shelling us all day
The enemy lay waste to the countryside after the invasion
The enemy recommenced hostilities after a few days of quiet
The enemy redoubled their screaming on the radio
The enemy withdrew
The engine failed on the way to town
The engine finally went
The engine has a wheel that is playing in a rack
The engine roared as the driver pushed the car to full throttle
The engine was pluming black smoke
The engine was starved of fuel
The engineers had to destruct the rocket for safety reasons
The enterprise succeeded
The entertainers served up a lively show
The environmentalist lobby made hay of the nuclear plant accident
The enzyme ligated
The epidemic depopulated the countryside
The escaped convict took to the hills
The estate devolved to an heir that everybody had assumed to be dead
The estate fell to my sister
The estate fell to the oldest daughter
The estate renders some revenue for the family
The estimates were puffed up
The event engraved itself into her memory
The event evades explanation
The evidence allows only one conclusion
The evidence argues for your claim
The evidence suggests a need for more clarification
The evidence supports the defendant
The ex-boxer's job is to bounce people who want to enter this private club
The ex-slave tasted freedom shortly before she died
The exercise class drains me of energy
The expedition was equipped with proper clothing, food, and other necessities
The expensive shirt washed out in the German washing machine
The experience enriched her understanding
The experiment demonstrated the instability of the compound
The explosion sent the car flying in the air
The exposed tree scorched in the hot sun
The exterminator disinfests the house
The fabric felted up after several washes
The fabric shrank
The fabric stretches
The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets
The faculty turned thumbs down on the candidate for the Dean position
The fall of the Berlin Wall ushered in the post-Cold War period
The family purchased a new car
The family took off for Florida
The family's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff
The famous professor awed the undergraduates
The famous professor mentored him during his years in graduate school
The fan circulates the air in the room
The farm popped into view as we turned the corner
The farmer killed a pig for the holidays
The fashion did not catch
The fastest runner finished the race in just over 2 hours; others finished in over 4 hours
The fat sizzled in the pan
The fate of Bosnia lies in the hands of the West
The father adjudicated when the sons were quarreling over their inheritance
The father benefacted his daughter in more ways than she was aware of
The father is portrayed as a good-looking man in this painting
The father is withholding the allowance until the son cleans his room
The father of the victim spat at the alleged murderer
The father told a story to his child
The fauvists juxtaposed strong colors
The fees work out to less than $1,000
The female covers the eggs
The female students served as a control group
The fever weakened his body
The feverish patient thrashed around in his bed
The field was patched with snow
The fields vegetate vigorously
The fighter plane was ordered to intercept an aircraft that had entered the country's airspace
The figurine broke
The film director was celebrated all over Hollywood
The film is set in Africa
The film is underexposed, so the image is very dark
The film runs 5 hours
The film solarized
The financial consultant topped out at age 40 because he was burned out
The fine was reimposed
The fire beamed on their faces
The fire cackled cozily
The fire caught
The fire charred the ceiling above the mantelpiece
The fire consumed the building
The fire destroyed the house
The fireflies were glowing and flying about in the garden
The first prize goes to Mary
The first success came three days later
The first tourists began to arrive in Cambodia
The first winter storm broke over New York
The fish are stratified in barrels
The fishermen tied their flies
The flag hung on the wall
The flames blustered
The flask holds one gallon
The flat plain was broken by tall mesas
The fleeing convicts were picked out of the darkness by the watchful prison guards
The flight originates in Calcutta
The floor is lifting slowly
The flower children tie-dye their T-shirts
The flower represents a young girl
The flowers wilted
The fluid undergoes shear
The fog blurs my vision
The fog cleared in the afternoon
The fog lifted
The folk dancers wore smocked shirts
The food was placed on the table and the children pitched in
The food wouldn't go down
The football star was tried for the murder of his wife
The foreign team upset the local team
The forest surrounds my property
The fork bit into the surface
The former Nazi was denaturalized
The former employee spilled all the details
The fortune teller read his fate in the crystal ball
The foul air was slowly suffocating the children
The fountains played all day
The frames must be butted at the joints
The freshly baked loaf fell apart
The freshman jumped off to a good start in his math class
The friction frayed the sleeve
The friend scrambled after them
The friends separated after the party
The friends stuck together through the war
The frightened children bunched together in the corner of the classroom
The front of the trains that had collided head-on thrust up into the air
The fruit dried and shriveled
The fugue typifies Bach's style of composition
The function is continuously differentiable
The funds were mismanaged
The fungi eventually deliquesced
The furnace wouldn't fire
The furniture molded in the old house
The fuse blew
The game was clicked off in 1:48
The gaps between the teeth trap food particles
The garage served to shelter his horses
The garbage flushed down the river
The garden air overnight liquefied into a morning dew
The garden bristled with toddlers
The garden was swarming with bees
The garter snake is the least dangerous snake
The gas distended the animal's body
The gasoline powers the engines
The gauge read `empty'
The gay actor was outed last week
The gay priest was excommunicated when he married his partner
The gears wore out
The geese were honking
The general commanded a huge army
The general had to sacrifice several soldiers to save the regiment
The giant iceberg dissolved over the years during the global warming phase
The gift was done up in pretty red paper
The girder was clinched into the wall
The girl blushed when a young man whistled as she walked by
The girl glared at the man who tried to make a pass at her
The girl in the wheelchair wept with frustration when she could not get up the stairs
The girl liked to drive the young mare
The girl pouted
The girls giggled when the rock star came into the classroom
The glacier retrogrades
The glass cracked
The glass cracked when it was heated
The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead
The glass was opacified more greater privacy
The glut of oil depressed gas prices
The goat butted the hiker with his horns
The god was sexualized and married to another god
The gods assume human or animal form in these fables
The goldsmith set the diamond
The good player times his swing so as to hit the ball squarely
The goods were redisposed at a great loss
The governing board was reconstituted
The government bowed to the military pressure
The government fell overnight
The government floated the ruble for a few months
The government funds basic research in many areas
The government indexes wages and prices
The government is building new schools in this state
The government keeps tabs on the dissidents
The government oppresses political activists
The government pulled the plug on spending
The government quashes any attempt of an uprising
The government relaxed the curfew after most of the rebels were caught
The government resorted to rationing meat
The governor came in for a lot of criticism
The governor should act on the new energy bill
The governor visited the prison
The governor was bombarded with requests to grant a pardon to the convicted killer
The graduates gave vent to cheers
The grandparents sat there, reminiscing all afternoon
The grandparents want to bond with the child
The grant administrator visited the laboratory
The grant doesn't cover my salary
The grass covered the grave
The grass tickled her calves
The grocer dunned his customers every day by telephone
The grocer priced his wares high
The grocer sacked the onions
The ground feels shaky
The ground levelled off
The group called a meeting to finally clear the air
The group needs to refocus its goals
The group was madrigaling beautifully
The groups banded together
The growing up of children has become ritualized in many cultures
The guard snarled at us
The guards were uniformed
The guests showered rice on the couple
The guide set the tour off to a good start
The guitar player interluded with a beautiful improvisation
The gun fired
The gun kicked back into my shoulder
The gun points with ease
The gun went `bang'
The gunfire raked the coast
The guns misfired
The guru claimed that he could levitate
The gust of air ventilated the room
The gust of air whiffed away the clouds
The guy hanging around the school is pushing drugs
The guys always try to chat up the new secretaries
The gymnasts rolled and jumped
The gypsies roamed the woods
The hail storms had washed out the bridges
The handwriting checks with the signature on the check
The happy dog wagged his tail
The hard work took its toll on her
The harmonium was droning on
The harsh soap washed out the delicate blouse
The haze blurs the hills
The headlines flashed on the screen
The heat checked the paint
The heat contracted the woollen garment
The heat melted the wax
The heat scorched the countryside
The heat wave finally broke yesterday
The heavy man lumbered across the room
The heavy rain guttered the soil
The heavy traffic tinctures the air with carbon monoxide
The helmet culminated in a crest
The herb masks the garlic taste
The hernia will strangulate
The hibiscus is budding!
The high school students like to loiter in the Central Square
The highest judges were never denazified
The highway buckled during the heat wave
The hiker negociated the high mountain pass
The hikers decamped before dawn
The hikers did not manage to penetrate the dense forest
The hikers finally struck the main path to the lake
The hikers got into a storm and had to turn back
The hikers topped the mountain just before noon
The hills around here fall towards the ocean
The hills rolled past
The hippies came to the ashram in order to purify
The holocaust survivors have lived a nightmare
The home team demolished the visitors
The home team scored many times
The home team was gaining ground
The horns of the taxis blared
The horror petrified his feelings
The horse bounded across the meadow
The horse broke into a gallop
The horse covers the mare
The horse finally struck a pace
The horse finally tugged the cart out of the mud
The horse paced
The horse reared in terror
The horse threw its inexperienced rider
The horse was domesticated a long time ago
The horse was galloping along
The horse was tough to break
The horses broke from the stable
The horses walked across the meadow
The hospital was unitized for efficiency
The host seated me next to Mrs. Smith
The hostess provided lunch for all the guests
The hostile talks upset the peaceful relations between the two countries
The hostility remained long after they made up
The hotel manager scotch taped a note to the guest's door
The hotel offers private meeting rooms
The hotel owners are commercializing the beaches
The hotel was set down at the bottom of the valley
The house accrued to the oldest son
The house looks north
The house looks out on a tennis court
The house was gated
The house was rebuild after it was hit by a bomb
The houseguests had to camp in the living room
The huge sculpture predominates over the fountain
The huge waves swallowed the small boat and it sank shortly thereafter
The humidifier assures the appropriate moisture level for our paintings
The hummingbird flitted among the branches
The hunter drew a bead on the rabbit
The hunters traced the deer into the woods
The husband drinks and beats his wife
The hut burned down
The huts can be mounded over to form shelters
The hydroelectric plant needs to generate more electricity
The hydrogen and the oxygen react
The hydrogen binds the oxygen
The ice broke the pipe
The ice storm got my hibiscus
The icebergs and glaciers calve
The icy precipitation frosted the flowers and they turned brown
The icy wind struck through our coats
The idea of a vacation appeals to me
The idea of his failure prepossesses him
The idea panned out
The illegal immigrant was challenged by the border guard
The illegal immigrants stowed away on board the freighter
The illegal immigrants were held at a detention center
The illness has sallowed her face
The illness slowed him down
The illness washed her out
The images are projected onto the screen
The images flooded his mind
The immigrant was duped because he trusted everyone
The immigrants had to resettle
The immigrants settled in the Midwest
The immigrants were housed in a new development outside the town
The immigrants were quickly absorbed into society
The impatient teacher slapped the student
The inauguration went well
The increase in tax was backdated to January
The increase in the national debt stems from the last war
The industrial wastes polluted the lake
The industrialist's son was kidnapped
The industry enjoyed a boom
The inexperienced driver kept stalling the car
The infant had essayed a few wobbly steps
The infant was exposed by the teenage mother
The infection has localized in the left eye
The inflation left them penniless
The inhabitants of this isolated village tend to inmarry
The injustice rankled her
The inn keeper could bed all the new arrivals
The innocent man was framed by the police
The instruments ranged from tuba to cymbals
The insurance company deceived me when they told me they were covering my house
The insurance won't cover this
The interest accrues
The introduction highlighted the speaker's distinguished career in linguistics
The invaders spread their language all over the country
The investor really cleaned up when the stock market went up
The iron burnt a hole in my dress
The island's rodent population irrupted
The ivy mantles the building
The ivy overgrew the patio
The jar carries wine
The jewels over which they kept guard were stolen
The jilted lover soon rallied and found new friends
The job candidate interviewed everywhere
The journal article unmasked the corrupt politician
The journal rejected the student's paper
The journalists have defamed me!
The judge clapped him in jail
The judge considered the offender's youth and was lenient
The judge decided the case in favor of the plaintiff
The judge gave me 10 years
The judge stayed the execution order
The judge tried both father and son in separate trials
The jury had heard all the evidence
The keys were jingling in his pocket
The kid busted up the car
The kidnappers are asking a million dollars in return for the release of their hostage
The kids binged on ice cream
The kids were playing outside all day
The kitten was weaned and fed by its owner with a bottle
The lab director recruited an able crew of assistants
The label stuck to her for the rest of her life
The label stuck to the box
The laboratory retrofitted to meet the safety codes
The laboratory worker dyed the specimen
The lack of good teachers sends a strong message to all parents in the community
The lack of rain had depressed the water level in the reservoir
The ladies promenaded along the beach
The lady is receiving Sunday morning
The lake serves recreation
The lamb roast rotates on a spit over the fire
The lambs fell in the afternoon
The lambs were bleating
The land he conquered comprised several provinces
The land returned to the family
The land ridges towards the South
The land surveyor worked by triangulating the plot
The landlord cannot resile from the lease
The landlord evicted the tenants after they had not paid the rent for four months
The landlord hiked up the rents
The landlord persists in asking us to move
The landlord retained the security deposit
The landlord wanted to evict the tenants so he banged on the pipes every morning at 3 a.m.
The landscape flattened
The landscape was deforested by the enemy attacks
The landslides have steepened the mountain sides
The last Taleban fighters finally surrendered
The latest intelligence is flashed to all command posts
The laundry dries in the sun
The law stands!
The law student is moonlighting as a taxi driver
The law was extended to all citizens
The lawn mower finally broke
The laws liberalized after Prohibition
The lawyer counselled me when I was accused of tax fraud
The lawyer fielded all questions from the press
The lawyer got him off, even though there was no doubt in everybody's mind that he killed his wife
The lawyers played back the conversation to show that their client was innocent
The lawyers submitted the material to the court
The lazy student promised to reform
The leaders of the various Middle Eastern countries are trying to hammer out a peace agreement
The leaves clog our drains in the Fall
The leaves swirled in the autumn wind
The leaves were blowing in the wind
The lecture was boring and many students slipped out when the instructor turned towards the blackboard
The lectures bore down on the political background
The legend of Elvis endures
The legislature expended its time on school questions
The less fortunate will have to economize now
The letter asserts a free society
The letter purports to express people's opinion
The liberal party pushed for reforms
The lids were occulting her eyes
The life vest buoyed him up
The light dropped from the ceiling
The light focused
The light struck the golden necklace
The lightbulbs blew out
The lightning bolt twigged in several directions
The lights flicked on and off
The lights suddenly went out and we were in the dark
The lights were flashing
The limo pulled away from the curb
The line of men fall forward
The lines converge at this point
The lines start to diverge here
The linguist probably etymologized the words incorrectly
The linguists could not instantiate this sense of the noun that he claimed existed in a certain dialect
The lion lashed its tail
The lions ravened the bodies
The liquid fills the container
The liquid was seething
The liquids, light, and gases absorb
The list includes the names of many famous writers
The list of speakers must be visaed
The list was headed by the name of the president
The listeners bolted when he discussed his strange ideas
The little animals fossilized and are now embedded in the limestone
The little boy cried himself to sleep
The little cottage nestles in the forest
The little one is teething now
The liver synthesizes vitamins
The loan carries a high interest rate
The loan was collateralized by government bonds
The lobe was imperfectly developed
The local Mafia won't touch gambling
The local team walked over their old rivals for the championship
The local team was favored
The local train does not connect with the Amtrak train
The lock snapped shut
The locks pound the water of the canal
The lonely man skulks down the main street all day
The long march had callused his feet
The long unmeasured pulse of time moves everything. There is nothing hidden that it cannot bring to light, nothing once known that may not become unknown.
The lovers held hands while walking
The lung cancer patient cannot inspire air very well
The machine shaved off fine layers from the piece of wood
The machine will self-destruct if you tamper with it
The madman mutilates art work
The madman torched the barns
The mafia boss ordered his enemies murdered
The mafia liquidated the informer
The magician levitated the woman
The magpies were chattering in the trees
The man charged with murder popped a valium to calm his nerves
The man choked his opponent
The man exposed himself in the subway
The man scrupled to perjure himself
The man tried to paw her
The man wanted to fist-fight
The man was convicted of fraud and sentenced
The man's hair silvered very attractively
The mansion was retrofitted with modern plumbing
The manufacturer tried to call back the spoilt yoghurt
The manuscript must be shortened
The market is being clogged by these operations
The masked men ghosted across the moonlit yard
The material disintegrated
The material drew after it was washed in hot water
The mathematician showed the validity of the conjecture
The matter preoccupies her completely--she cannot think of anything else
The mayor did not sugarcoat the reality of the tax cuts
The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens
The mayor tried to humanize life in the big city
The media are fixating on Princess Diana's death
The medicine turned out to save her life
The medicine unstuffed my nose in minutes!
The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water
The meeting between the two Presidents had been carefully choreographed
The meeting culminated in a tearful embrace
The meeting took place off without an incidence
The meeting was closed with a charge by the chairman of the board
The meeting was drawn out until midnight
The members of the wedding party made merry all night
The men cantered away
The men gulped down their beers
The men in some African tribes scarify their faces
The men leered at the young women on the beach
The men retired to the library
The men stomped through the snow in their heavy boots
The men trap foxes
The men were conscripted
The men were cruising the park
The men were deactivated after five years of service
The men were jacketed
The men were shanghaied after being drugged
The men were thrilled by a loud whistle blow
The mere thought of an isolation cell panicked the prisoners
The mere thought of her bothered him and made his heart beat faster
The mess in his dorm room reflects on the student
The messenger was entrusted with the general's secret
The metal corroded
The metal solidified when it cooled
The meteorologists are expecting rain for tomorrow
The methods can master the problems
The microphone brought in the sounds from the room next to mine
The middle school teacher contrasted her best student's work with that of her weakest student
The midfielder feinted to shoot
The military forces managed to recapture the fort
The military government clamped a curfew onto the capital
The militia captured the castle
The milk caseated
The milk curdled
The milk has soured
The milk is boiling over
The milk spilled across the floor
The mime imitated the passers-by
The mind and emotions are auxiliary to each other
The minister doesn't see anybody before noon
The minister is not preaching this Sunday
The minister married us on Saturday
The minister served the King for many years
The minister was ordained only last month
The missing man suddenly resurfaced in New York
The missionaries converted the Indian population
The missionaries evangelized the Pacific Islanders
The mist uprose from the meadows
The mob careered through the streets
The model is scaled down
The mold on the food sickened the diners
The money had gone after a few days
The money was secreted from his children
The money will sustain our good cause
The moon glared back at itself from the lake's surface
The moon orbits around the Earth
The moon rode high in the night sky
The morpheme can be reduplicated to emphasize the meaning of the word
The moss undergrew the stone patio
The most difficult task fell on the youngest member of the team
The mother deserted her children
The mother drinks in every word of her son on the stage
The mother scolded the child for entering a stranger's car
The mother seized her child by the arm
The mother splashed the baby's face with water
The mother told the child to get dressed
The mother was swelling with importance when she spoke of her son
The mother who held her baby was cooing softly
The mothers stoppered their babies' mouths with pacifiers
The motion carried easily
The motorbike veered to the right
The motorcycle has been Simonized
The motorcycle smashed into the guard rail
The mountain climber started to hyperventilate
The mountain climbers had to fend against the ice and snow
The mountain of paper went up in flames
The mountain range divides the two countries
The mountain side has steepened
The mountain was splashed with snow
The mountaineers roped up when they started the final ascent
The mountaineers slowly ascended the steep slope
The movers reloaded the truck
The movie seized my imagination
The movie stars Dustin Hoffman as an autistic man
The mud had consolidated overnight
The mud mired our cart
The mugger assaulted the woman
The mugger knocked down the old lady after she refused to hand over her wallet
The mugger pulled a knife on his victim
The mugger turned and fled before I could see his face
The muggers jumped the woman in the fur coat
The murder trial packed the court house
The murderer was hanged on Friday
The muscles in her face convulsed
The muscular actor loves to Rollerblade
The museum curator conserved the ancient manuscripts
The museum deaccessioned several important works of this painter
The music added a lot to the play
The music crescendoes here
The music decrescendoes here
The music has to swing
The music just petered out--there was no proper ending
The music struck a chord with the listeners
The music swelled to a crescendo
The musical performance sparkled
The musicians struck up a tune
The musicians took five during the rehearsal
The mutinous sailors were marooned on an island
The nanny acted quickly by grabbing the toddler and covering him with a wet towel
The nasal assimilates to the following consonant
The nation reposed its confidence in the King
The nation's pediatrician laureate is preparing to lay down his black bag
The nations covenanted to fight terrorism around the world
The nations of South East Asia will quickly industrialize and catch up with the West
The needle pierced her flesh
The needle pricked his skin
The neighbors accused the man of spousal abuse
The neighbors intrude on your privacy
The new Prime Minister reshuffled his cabinet
The new Toyota outsells the Honda by a wide margin
The new Woody Allen film hasn't come out yet
The new ballet that debuts next months at Covent Garden, is already sold out
The new book treats the history of China
The new boss cleaned out the lazy workers
The new chairman inherited many problems from the previous chair
The new constitution mocks all democratic principles
The new contact lenses will correct for his myopia
The new dean calls meetings every week
The new employee dislodged her by moving into her office space
The new foreign minister reshaped the foreign policy of his country
The new government communized all banks
The new idea sold well in certain circles
The new law gave rise to many complaints
The new law lifted many people from poverty
The new law weeds out the old inequities
The new law will take effect next month
The new manager generated a lot of problems
The new material withstands even the greatest wear and tear
The new measures deflated the economy
The new members brought to bear new concerns to the U.N.
The new professor always pontificates
The new results were promising
The new school was named after the famous Civil Rights leader
The new secretary had to endure a lot of unprofessional remarks
The new secretary introduced a nasty rumor
The new strategy turned around sales
The new student is thriving
The new student keeps to herself
The new tax effectively cancels out my raise
The new teacher tends to steamroller
The new tooth is cutting
The newly married couple kissed
The news angered him
The news dissolved her into tears
The news eased my conscience
The news electrified us
The news leaked out despite his secrecy
The news of her child's illness distressed the mother
The news of her death saddened me
The news of her husband's death shattered her life
The news of the bombing shocked her
The news of the city's surrender chilled the soldiers
The news of the executions horrified us
The news really surprised me
The news stunned her
The news was carried to every village in the province
The news were leaked to the paper
The news won't be on tonight
The newspaper posted him in Timbuktu
The newspaper published the news of the royal couple's divorce
The newspaper uncovered the President's illegal dealings
The newspaper was accused of libeling him
The next speaker dittoed her argument
The night sky flared with the massive bombardment
The nightingale was singing
The noise and the screaming brought the curious
The noise brought her up in shock
The noise doubled and redoubled
The noise drowned out her speech
The noise from the ice machine drowned out the music
The noise spooked the horse
The noose loosened
The nosy couple broke in on our conversation
The novel begins with a murder
The novel holds many surprises
The novel spans three centuries
The nuclear secrets of the state were compromised by the spy
The number `one' begins the sequence
The number of hours I work per work averages out to 40
The number of students in this course dropped off after the first test
The nurse accompanied the old lady everywhere
The nurse bandaged a sprained ankle
The nurse called in the next patient
The nurse drew blood
The nurse packed gauze in the wound
The nurse palpated the patient's stomach
The nurse pricked my finger to get a small blood sample
The nurse quickly undressed the accident victim
The nurse vaccinated the children in the school
The nurse was caring for the wounded
The nurse washed away the blood
The nurses cared for the bomb victims
The nurses had to hyperventilate the patient
The object of the sentence is topicalized in what linguists call `Yiddish Movement'
The object sat in the corner
The office gave evidence of tampering
The officer hopped out when he spotted an illegally parked car
The officer was seconded for duty overseas
The oil industry was privatized
The oil suppurates the pustules
The oil well blew out
The oily rags combusted spontaneously
The old bachelor finally declared himself to the young woman
The old car looks like new now that we airbrushed it
The old cart wobbled down the street
The old chair finally fell apart completely
The old cheese was crawling with maggots
The old enemies shook hands
The old engine was juddering
The old guy kicked the bucket at the age of 102
The old lady could not keep up the building
The old lady is boarding three men
The old lady is pottering around in the garden
The old lady is usually mucking about in her little house
The old man banged around the house
The old man hates to socialize
The old man is only babbling--don't pay attention
The old man rejuvenated when he became a grandfather
The old man sat and stagnated on his porch
The old man sat nodding by the fireplace
The old man wanted to be masturbated by the prostitute
The old man warned the children off his property
The old man was nodding in his chair
The old man was stooping but he could walk around without a cane
The old man worried his beads
The old master is training world-class violinists
The old print fetched a high price at the auction
The old values have been wiped out
The old woman hobbles down to the store every day
The old woman went over without a sound
The only girl who would have him was the miller's daughter
The onus fell on us
The opera tour was subvented by a bank
The operator couldn't get Kobe because of the earthquake
The orbits of these stars were perturbed by the passings of a comet
The orchestra could barely follow the frequent pitch changes of the soprano
The organizers invite submissions of papers for the conference
The organizers pulled out all the stops for the centennial meeting
The organs vesiculated
The origins of this civilization are shrouded in mystery
The oscillator hunts about the correct frequency
The ostentatious way of living of the rich ignites the hatred of the poor
The other children egged the boy on, but he did not want to throw the stone through the window
The other players cleaned him completely
The outcomes rides on the results of the election
The outspoken cabinet member was sidelined by the President
The owner sicked his dogs on the intruders
The owners decided to grass their property
The owners decided to move and to close the factory
The owners wanted to dado their dining room
The oxide is alkalized
The ozone layer blocks some harmful rays which the sun emits
The package is dated November 24
The pages of the book began to yellow
The pain eventually passed off
The pain finally remitted
The pain shot up her leg
The pain subsided
The paint in my house is peeling off
The paint on these walls gradates but you don't see it
The paint will brighten the room
The painter decided to grey the sky
The painter represented his wife as a young girl
The painter sponged on his washes
The painting brought $10,000
The painting discolored
The painting loses something in this light
The painting of Mary carries motherly love
The painting resumed its old condition when we restored it
The painting substantiates the feelings of the artist
The paper criticized the new movie
The paper discredited the politician with its nasty commentary
The paper incinerated quickly
The parcel bulked in the sack
The parents are home-schooling their daughter
The parents documented every step of their child's development
The parents had the child baptized
The parents locked her daughter up for the weekend
The parents praised their children for their academic performance
The parents repudiated their son
The parishioners spoke in tongues
The park gave way to a supermarket
The park stretched beneath the train line
The parking lot spans 3 acres
The participants in the experiment were drawn from a representative population
The parties negociated all night
The party kept going until 4 A.M.
The party recruited many new members
The passage reads as follows
The passenger grabbed for the oxygen mask
The passengers disembarked at Southampton
The passengers jostled each other in the overcrowded train
The passerby was trampled by an elephant
The passing bus tore off her side mirror
The path ascended to the top of the hill
The path climbed all the way to the top of the hill
The path pierced the jungle
The path spirals up the mountain
The patient came to quickly
The patient cannot walk yet
The patient developed abdominal pains
The patient does not tolerate the anti-inflammatory drugs we gave him
The patient has trouble inspiring
The patient is recuperating
The patient is respiring
The patient must be anesthetized before the operation
The patient must be sedated before the operation
The patient must be treated right away or she will die
The patient must drink several liters each day
The patient regurgitated the food we gave him last night
The patient was seized with unbearable pains
The patient went peacefully
The patient with emphysema is hacking all day
The patient's fever broke last night
The patient's heart had to be defibrillated to save his life
The patient's legs were jerkings
The patient's strength ebbed away
The patio overgrew with ivy
The payment consists in food
The payment had originally been due on April 1 but we had a grace period which expired in June.
The peas are overboiled
The pedestrian misdirected the out-of-town driver
The pedestrians pummeled the demonstrators
The pedophile turned to boys for satisfaction
The people inhabited the islands that are now deserted
The people reclaimed the marshes
The people revolted when bread prices tripled again
The people turned against the President when he stole the election
The percentage of lead in our drinking water is unacceptably high
The perfect climate here develops the grain
The period covered the turn of the century
The petroleum cracked
The pharaohs were entombed in the pyramids
The photographic plate was desensitized
The physicist debunked the psychic's claims
The physicist disproved his colleagues' theories
The physicist refocused the light beam
The physicist who found the elusive particle won the Nobel Prize
The physicists collided the particles
The pianist kept time with the metronome
The pianist negociated the difficult runs
The pianist rendered the Beethoven sonata beautifully
The pianist strikes a middle C
The pillow was overstuffed
The pilot drew in the landing gear
The pilot flew to Cuba
The pilot kited for a long time over the mountains
The pilot managed to radiolocate the lost aircraft
The pilots are trained in conditions simulating high-altitude flights
The pipe snapped
The pipes rusted
The pirates raided the coastal villages regularly
The pitcher bore down
The pitcher delivered the ball
The pitcher retired three batters
The plains are sparsely populated
The plaintiff's lawyer complained that he defendant had physically abused his client
The plan overshoots its aim
The plane crash in Milan mirrored the attack in the World Trade Center
The plane crashed in the sea
The plane landed in Istanbul
The plane overran the runway
The plane passed over Damascus
The plane streaked across the sky
The plane taxied down the runway
The plane took off two hours late
The plane undershot the runway
The planes don't connect and you will have to wait for four hours
The planets are orbiting the sun
The plant had grown and had to be repotted
The plants near the garage are dying back
The plants on this island diversified
The plants straddle the entire state
The plastic bottle crushed against the wall
The plate fragmented
The play amused the ladies
The players took ten during the long rehearsal
The playwright scripted the movie
The plaza is teeming with undercover policemen
The plot developed slowly
The plums ripen in July
The poet elocuted beautifully
The poet mythologized that the King had three sons
The poet syllabized the verses he read
The poet symbolizes love in this poem
The poet was exiled because he signed a letter protesting the government's actions
The poets constellate in this town every summer
The point returned to the interior of the figure
The poison paralyzed him
The police are searching for clues
The police are shadowing her
The police around here are not motorized and patrol the streets on horseback
The police attempted to stop the thief
The police car pulled up short and then turned around fast
The police car pursued the suspected attacker
The police clamped down on illegal drugs
The police confiscated the stolen artwork
The police frisked everyone at the airport
The police had been following him for weeks but they could not prove his involvement in the bombing
The police handcuffed the suspect at the scene of the crime
The police left no stone unturned in looking for the President's murderer
The police raided the crack house
The police roped off the area where the crime occurred
The police routed them out of bed at 2 A.M.
The police scoured the country for the fugitive
The police searched the suspect
The police smashed the drug ring after they were tipped off
The police strong-armed the suspect
The police were closing in on him
The policeman booked her when she tried to solicit a man
The policeman chased the mugger down the alley
The policeman downed the heavily armed suspect
The policeman flagged down our car
The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect
The polished surface twinned his face and chest in reverse
The political prisoners starved to death
The political wing of the party dissolved after much internal fighting
The politician clawed his rival
The politician defied public opinion
The politician was not well prepared for the debate and faked it
The pollution is endangering the crops
The pool slowly filled with water
The population doubled within 50 years
The population of China quintupled
The population of India is exploding
The population was victualed during the war
The pornographic pictures sickened us
The porters singsonged the travellers' luggage up the mountain
The pothole fractured a bolt on the axle
The power went oout around midnight
The predicate `dog' is predicated of the subject `Fido' in the sentence `Fido is a dog'
The present name derives from an older form
The president of the company is John Smith
The president of the company never manages to get away during the summer
The president reproached the general for his irresponsible behavior
The president tried to sweep the embarrassing incident under the rug
The president's remarks left us speechless
The president's trip will substantiate good relations with the former enemy country
The president's wife used her good connections
The presidential candidates are busy barnstorming this month
The press photographers besieged the movie star
The press savaged the new President
The press was gagged
The presses are already rolling
The pressure augmented
The pressure to succeed fell on the youngest student
The priest absolved him and told him to say ten Hail Marys
The prima donna unbalances the smooth work in our department
The prince was crowned in Westminster Abbey
The prince was prepared to become King one day
The princess donned a long blue dress
The princess turned the frog into a prince by kissing him
The principal visited his rage on the students
The principles that inform modern teaching
The prisoner has been languishing for years in the dungeon
The prisoner tugged at the chains
The prisoner was furloughed for the weekend to visit her children
The prisoner was gang-raped
The prisoner was hog-tied
The prisoner was paroled after serving 10 years in prison
The prisoner was successfully rehabilitated
The prisoner writhed in discomfort
The prisoner's resistance weakened after seven days
The prisoners are safely pounded
The prisoners fell to work right away
The prisoners were abacinated by their captors
The prize-winning poodle was handled by Mrs. Priscilla Prescott
The probe closed with the space station
The problem grew too large for me
The problem is well understood
The problem mushroomed
The problem roots in her depression
The problems dwell in the social injustices in this country
The procession was headed by John
The prodigy played Carnegie Hall at the age of 16
The professor combusted when the student didn't know the answer to a very elementary question
The professor consults for industry
The professor plunged his students into the study of the Italian text
The professor scorns the students who don't catch on immediately
The program committee acknowledged the submission of the authors of the paper
The project foundered
The project ran into numerous financial difficulties
The propaganda brainwashed many people
The property vests in the trustees
The prophet bid all people to become good persons
The proposal boils down to a compromise
The prostitute is street-walking every night
The proud father produced many pictures of his baby
The psychologist raced the rats through a long maze
The public buildings were festooned for the holiday
The publisher remaindered the books
The publisher wants to distribute the book in Asia
The pump suddenly cut out
The punch caught him in the stomach
The pupil recited his lesson for the day
The quack pretended to heal patients but never managed to
The queen assumed the stately robes
The question concerning the meaning of life cannot be answered
The questions on the test tripped him up
The rabbi chanted a prayer
The race car driver lived through several very serious accidents
The racist conceives such people to be inferior
The radiologist can visualize the cancerous liver
The raft sank and its occupants drowned
The railways were territorialized
The rain brought relief to the drought-stricken area
The rain forest was literally steaming
The rain let up after a few hours
The rain was sheeting down during the monsoon
The rain water drains into this big vat
The ramped auditorium
The ranks broke
The raptor swooped down on its prey
The ray dosed the paint
The real estate market fell off
The rebels had planned turmoil and confusion
The rebels stormed the palace and defenestrated the President
The rebels threaten to seize civilian hostages
The recent speech of the president augmented tensions in the Near East
The recession accounts for the slow retail business
The recession devitalized the economy
The recipe says that we should dissolve a cup of sugar in two cups of water
The record contains many old songs from the 1930's
The referee broke the boxers
The refrigerator is humming
The refugee was readmitted into his home country
The refugees' fate stirred up compassion around the world
The regiments debouched from the valley
The region centers on Charleston
The registrar says that I owe the school money
The released hostages were debriefed
The relief pitcher closed with two runs in the second inning
The religious fanatics flagellated themselves
The remote areas of the country were gradually built up
The rent was prorated for the rest of the month
The repetitive motion inflamed her joint
The reporter fiddle with the facts
The reporter tripped up the senator
The reporters were briefed about the President's plan to invade
The representative devolved his duties to his aides while he was in the hospital
The republic soon discountenanced its few friends
The republics federated to become the Soviet Union
The rescue team broke through the wall in the mine shaft
The researcher tried to dress up the uninteresting data
The residents of this village adhered to Catholicism
The residents sandbagged the beach front
The resistors have been doped
The responsibility rests with the Allies
The restaurant carries an unusual name
The restaurant is rated highly in the food guide
The results indicate the need for more work
The results of the elections were still being processed when he gave his acceptance speech
The results promised fame and glory
The results, however general, are important
The rich landowners subjugated the peasants working the land
The right reader of a good poem can tell the moment it strikes him that he has taken an immortal wound--that he will never get over it
The rioters fire-bombed the stores
The rising inflation depressed the economy
The river crested last night
The river foamed
The river runs dry in the summer
The river silted up
The river snakes through the valley
The river thundered below
The river was caving the banks
The river was deviated to prevent flooding
The river was embanked with a dyke
The river was foaming
The river was shored by trees
The river washed a ravine into the mountainside
The river zigzags through the countryside
The road bends
The road bifurcated
The road broadened
The road divaricates here
The road forks
The road narrowed
The road runs South
The road trifurcates at the bridge
The road widened
The road winds around the lake
The roar settled to a thunder
The robbers cleaned us out in a couple of hours
The rock calcified over the centuries
The rock musician worked the crowd of young girls into a frenzy
The rock star never authorized this slanderous biography
The rock star overdosed and was found dead in his hotel room
The rock stratifies
The rock was dynamited
The rock was stratified by the force of the water
The rocket lofted the space shuttle into the air
The roof collapsed
The roof declines here
The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice
The roof tiles imbricate
The roofs of the houses overlap in this crowded city
The room abounded with screaming children
The room effuses happiness
The room emptied
The room heated up quickly
The room lightened up
The room loudened considerably
The room was bathed in sunlight
The room was charged with tension and anxiety
The room was cool because it had been air-conditioned
The room was hot and stuffy and we were suffocating
The room was overheated
The rooms communicated
The rope enables you to secure yourself when you climb the mountain
The rope snapped
The rope tightened
The roses ramped over the wall
The rubber ball bounced
The rubber tubes resile
The rules relaxed after the new director arrived
The runner breasted the tape
The runner felt her pulse
The runner zipped past us at breakneck speed
The runners reached the finish line, panting heavily
The sadness tinged his life
The sail jibbed wildly
The sailboat was adrift on the open sea
The sailors decided it was time to wear ship
The sailors decided to tack the boat
The sails ballooned
The sales clerk quickly seized the money on the counter
The sales clerk snapped a reply at the angry customer
The sales tax is absorbed into the state income tax
The salesman is aggressively pushing the new computer model
The salesman metamorphosed into an ugly beetle
The salesman works the Midwest
The salmon swims upstream to spawn
The salt decrepitated
The same family has been editing the influential newspaper for almost 100 years
The same laws apply to you!
The same rules go for everyone
The sand grains are saltated by the wind
The satirists ridiculed the plans for a new opera house
The sauce jellified
The sauce should reduce to one cup
The sauce thickened
The scandal served to increase his popularity
The scandalous behavior of this married woman shocked her friends
The scarf picks up the color of the skirt
The scarf surmounted the gown
The scene begins to fade
The scholar annotated the early edition of a famous novel
The scholarship saw me through college
The scholarship supported me when I was in college
The school system is collapsing
The scientist must stop to observe and start to excogitate
The scientist republished his results after he made some corrections
The scientists had to accommodate the new results with the existing theories
The scientists set up a shock wave
The scout was rewarded for courageous action
The scream pierced the night
The screaming redoubled
The sea transgresses along the West coast of the island
The seagulls fluttered overhead
The seals were basking in the sun
The seamstress did a job on my wedding gown
The seamstress planned for 5% shrinkage after the first wash
The searchlights swept across the sky
The second movement begins after the Allegro
The second officer covered the top floor
The secret police suspended their victims from the ceiling and beat them
The secret service agents hustled the speaker out of the amphitheater
The secretary failed to call the customer and the company lost the account
The seeds fructified
The selection was narrowed
The semester begins with a convocation ceremony
The senator announced that he would sponsor the health care plan
The senator carried his home state
The senator said he would oppose the bill
The sentence `They cared for each other' contains a reciprocal pronoun
The sergeant got us up at 2 A.M.
The sergeant subjected the new recruits to many drills
The serial killer was electrocuted
The session was drawn to a close
The setting sun complexioned the hills
The setting sun kindled the sky with oranges and reds
The setting sun reddened the sky
The setting sun sank below the tree line
The setting sun threw long shadows
The sewage plant served the neighboring communities
The sharks were finning near the surface
The shaving cream lathered
The sheets feel soft
The ship careened out of control
The ship drew near the shore
The ship finally ported
The ship landed in Pearl Harbor
The ship leaves at midnight
The ship listed to starboard
The ship plowed through the water
The ship rolled on the heavy seas
The ship slipped away in the darkness
The ship steamed off into the Pacific
The ship suddenly lurched to the left
The ship was wharfed
The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow
The shipwrecked survivors weltered in the sea for hours
The shirts discolored
The shock numbed her senses
The shoelaces unfastened
The shoes came untied
The shooting victim fell dead
The shop window decorations beckoned
The shot rendered her immobile
The shy student lingered in the corner
The sick man lay in bed all day
The sick men urinated blood
The sidewalk deformed during the earthquake
The sign pointed the way to London
The silt shallowed the canal
The silver was tarnished by the long exposure to the air
The simple vowels broke in many Germanic languages
The singer had to be boosted onto the stage by a special contraption
The singer's voice undulated
The sinners will be tormented in Hell, according to the Bible
The situation was rather involved
The skim milk substitutes for cream--we are on a strict diet
The skin broke
The skin disease scarred his face permanently
The sky cleared after the storm
The sky clouded over
The sky darkened
The sky lit up quickly above the raging volcano
The sky reddened
The sky seemed to flame in the Hawaiian sunset
The sky was suffused with a warm pink color
The sky was tinctured red
The sleeves come to your knuckles
The slump in the financial markets smashed him
The small canoe could be ported easily
The smallest pond at night mirrors the firmament above
The smell of the food turned the pregnant woman's stomach
The smell stayed in the room
The smoke arose from the forest fire
The smoke blackened the ceiling
The smoke clouded above the houses
The smoker coughs all day
The snake charmer fascinates the cobra
The snake regenerated its tail
The snake slimed his victim
The snow bore down on the roof
The snow damaged the roof
The snowballs splatted on the trees
The soccer player began to swing at the referee
The soccer player headbutted his oponent and was sent off the field
The soft metal works well
The soft music caused us to fall asleep
The soil around the housing development had to be decontaminated by the city
The solar wind protons must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust
The soldiers billowed across the muddy riverbed
The soldiers fanned out
The soldiers hit the dirt when they heard gunfire
The soldiers let drive their bullets
The soldiers marched across the border
The soldiers moved towards the city in an attempt to take it before night fell
The soldiers raped the beautiful country
The soldiers sifted through the woods
The soldiers trampled across the fields
The soldiers went out on missions
The soldiers were fired
The soldiers were popping
The solid, when heated, gelled
The solution emulsified
The soprano and the pianist did not get together very well
The soprano held the audience
The soprano signed to sing the new opera
The sores reappeared on her body
The soul discerped from the body
The sound faded out
The sound resonates well in this theater
The sounds were individualized by sharpness and tone
The soup smells good
The soup warmed slowly on the stove
The soup was bubbling
The sow overlay her piglets
The spaceship blazed out into space
The spasm convulses her facial muscles
The speaker ceased to be an amusing little gnat to be fanned away and was kicked off the forum
The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks
The speaker dissertated about the social politics in 18th century England
The speaker faltered when he saw his opponent enter the room
The speaker of the House swore in the new President
The speaker paused
The speaker refuted his opponent's arguments
The speaker temporized in order to delay the vote
The speaker was barraged by an angry audience
The speaker wowed the audience
The speech crowned the meeting
The speech dragged on for two hours
The speech has to go through several more drafts
The speech predicated the fitness of the candidate to be President
The spider's thread attached to the window sill
The sponge absorbs water well
The spontaneous applause cut the singer short
The sports car passed all the trucks
The spotlights played on the politicians
The spy betrayed his country
The spy sent the classified information off to Russia
The squatters had to surrender the building after the police moved in
The star and her manager drive in today from their motor tour across the country
The star captured a comet
The stars are obscured by the clouds
The stars gravitate towards each other
The starved child's belly protuberated
The steady dripping of water rusted the metal stopper in the sink
The steel industry was denationalized
The steering of my new car answers to the slightest touch
The stick does not bend
The stimulus facilitates a delayed impulse
The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times
The stock market closed high this Friday
The stock market collapsed
The stock market drifted upward
The stock market fluctuates
The stock market gained 24 points today
The stock market plummeted
The stock market rallied
The stock market soared after the cease-fire was announced
The stock traded around $20 a share
The stocks had a fast run-up
The stone wall was the backdrop for the performance
The store had to reorder the popular CD several times
The store is rebating refrigerators this week
The store owner was happy that the ad drew in many new customers
The store sold off the surplus merchandise
The stores are offering specials on sweaters this week
The stories and claims were born out by the evidence
The stories had become naturalized into an American setting
The storm abated
The storm fused the electric mains
The storm had washed out the game
The story accreted emotion
The story blew their cover
The story is false, so far as I can discover
The story took a new turn
The story was allegorized over time
The story was clogged with too many details
The storyteller touched a chord
The stranger conked him and he fainted
The stranger who hangs around the building frightens me
The street where the President lives is always barricaded
The streets were planked
The strong magnet magnetized the iron shavings
The strong wind tousled my hair
The strong winds reignited the cooling embers
The student organization was infiltrated by a traitor
The student researched the history of that word
The student rewrote his thesis
The student turned to the teacher for help
The student was kept after school
The student was paired with a partner for collaboration on the project
The students all recreate alike
The students at this school integrate immediately, despite their different backgrounds
The students chanted the same slogan over and over again
The students crowded the auditorium
The students delivered a cry of joy
The students filed into the classroom
The students groaned when the professor got out the exam booklets
The students keep me on my toes
The students liberated their slaves upon graduating from the university
The students overcrowded the cafeteria
The students panicked when told that final exams were less than a week away
The students parroted the teacher's words
The students poked fun at the inexperienced teacher
The students spoofed the teachers
The students stared at the teacher with amazement
The students straightened when the teacher entered
The students were able to stenograph and record the conversation
The students were convened in the auditorium
The students were drowsing in the 8 AM class
The students were gagging during dinner
The students were made to copy the alphabet over and over
The students were partying all night before the exam
The students were penalized for showing up late for class
The students were teargassed during the riot
The stunted growth of these children shows that they are undernourished
The subjects in this study perseverated
The substance converts to an acid
The substance gasified
The substances fused at a very high temperature
The substances started to flake
The sudden fame puffed her ego
The sudden gust of air propelled the ball to the other side of the fence
The sudden storm immobilized the traffic
The sugar caramelized
The sugar quickly dissolved in the coffee
The summer sun alone can cause a pine to blaze
The sun also rises
The sun beat down on the hikers
The sun bleached the red shirt
The sun broils the valley in the summer
The sun broke through the clouds
The sun burned his face
The sun burned off the fog
The sun burst into view
The sun dipped below the horizon
The sun dispread its beams
The sun glared down on us
The sun is radiating
The sun mellowed the fruit
The sun melted the ice
The sun parched the earth
The sun radiates heat
The sun ripens the fruit
The sun shone bright that day
The sun shone on the fields
The sun uprising sees the dusk night fled...
The sun was beating down on us
The sunlight reached the wall
The sunlight stippled the trees
The supermarket clerk bagged the groceries
The supermarket had to turn back many disappointed customers
The supermarket's selection of vegetables varies according to the season
The supporters of the Presidential candidate desponded when they learned the early results of the election
The surf broke
The surfaces contact at this point
The surfaces of the concave lens may be proportioned so as to aberrate exactly equal to the convex lens
The surgeon cauterized the wart
The surgeon excised the tumor
The surgeon had to refracture her wrist
The surgeon realigned my jaw after the accident
The sushi rice grains cohere
The suspect protested his innocence
The suspect was charged with murdering his wife
The suspect was cleared of the murder charges
The suspect was questioned by the police
The suspect's fingerprints don't match those on the gun
The suspects were imprisoned without trial
The suspicious stranger prowls the streets of the town
The sweat cut little rivulets into her face
The swollen river flooded the village
The swollen river washed away the footbridge
The symphony ends in a pianissimo
The system goes down at least once a week
The system is thrashing again!
The table functions as a desk
The tables are turned now that the Republicans are in power!
The tall grass whipped in the wind
The tall tree overshadowed the house
The tanker fueled in Bahrain
The tape was playing for hours
The task fell to me
The tattered old book is valuable and we need to rebind it
The tavern owners stampeded us into overeating
The tax cut will boost the economy
The tax relief unbalanced the budget
The taxes were remitted
The taxi driver who felt he didn't get a high enough tip cursed the passenger
The teacher assigned him to lead his classmates in the exercise
The teacher bludgeoned the students into learning the math formulas
The teacher charged the children to memorize the poem
The teacher counsels troubled students
The teacher cracked him across the face with a ruler
The teacher disciplined the pupils rather frequently
The teacher failed six students
The teacher handed out the exams
The teacher imputed the student's failure to his nervousness
The teacher is overworking his students
The teacher knew how to deal with these lazy students
The teacher knew how to keep the class in line
The teacher nodded when the student gave the right answer
The teacher often flogged the students
The teacher passed the student although he was weak
The teacher piled work on the students until the parents protested
The teacher professed that he was not generous when it came to giving good grades
The teacher punished the students who were sassing all morning
The teacher put an interesting twist to the interpretation of the story
The teacher should not deprecate his student's efforts
The teacher smacked the student who had misbehaved
The teacher steered the gifted students towards the more challenging courses
The teacher struck the child
The teacher swooped down upon the new students
The teacher tests us every week
The teacher thumbtacked the notice on the bulletin board
The teacher took the children out of the classroom
The teacher treats the children unkindly
The teacher tried to bring out the shy boy
The teacher used to beat the students
The teacher whacked the boy
The teachers were hamstrung by the overly rigid schedules
The team concorded several thousand nouns, verbs, and adjectives
The team reported significant advances in their research
The team should have won hands down but choked, disappointing the coach and the audience
The teams drew a tie
The tear devalues the painting
The tears ruined her make-up
The teenager banged up the car of his mother
The teenager left home
The teenager wolfed down the pizza
The teenager wrapped his car around the fire hydrant
The teenagers demolished four pizzas among them
The telephone company finally put in lines to connect the towns in this area
The temperature is going down
The tenor was lionized in Vienna
The tension heightened
The terrain sloped down
The terrible news ended our hopes that he had survived
The terrible vision brooded over her all day long
The territories of two married people interpenetrate a lot
The terrorists crashed the gate
The terrorists crashed the plane into the palace
The terrorists held the journalists for ransom
The terrorists professed allegiance to their country
The terrorists seized the politicians
The theater admits 300 people
The theater filled up slowly
The theater is centrally located
The theater seats 2,000
The therapist drew out the shy girl
The therapist noticed that the patient's knees tended to lock in this exercise
The thermometer hit 100 degrees
The thermometer showed thirteen degrees below zero
The thesis owes much to his adviser
The thick curtain blocked the action on the stage
The thief distracted the bystanders
The thief eluded the police
The thief made off with our silver
The thief relieved me of $100
The thief walked off with my gold watch
The thief was tarred and feathered
The thought of her unhappiness pricked his conscience
The thought struck terror in our minds
The thunder rolled
The tibia fractured from the blow of the iron pipe
The tide washed up the corpse
The tire blew
The tire punctured
The tire sprang a leak
The tissue chondrifies
The tissue ossified
The tobacco monopoly broke up
The toddler could count to 100
The toddler was trailing his pants
The toddlers romped in the playroom
The toolshed is in the back
The tooth erupted and had to be extracted
The tornado ripped along the coast
The tourists moved through the town and bought up all the souvenirs
The tourists murdered the French language
The tower is tilting
The tower of the World Trade Center tumbled after the plane hit it
The town and county schools are being consolidated
The town was broiling in the sun
The townspeople defiled the river by emptying raw sewage into it
The toy company went bankrupt after the competition hired cheap Mexican labor
The tragedy was charged to her inexperience
The train departs at noon
The trappings of upper-class life are off-putting and sterile
The travel agent recommended strongly that we not travel on Thanksgiving Day
The travelers linked up again at the airport
The treatment and diet transfigured her into a beautiful young woman
The treatment at the spa vitalized the old man
The treatment cured the boy's acne
The treatment emaciated him
The treaty neutralized the small republic
The tree stump serves as a table
The tree trunks are melting into the forest at dusk
The tree trunks had grown together
The tree was clearly defined by the light
The tree would not produce fruit
The trees are greening
The trees obstruct my view of the mountains
The trees resisted her
The trees were cleaned of apples by the storm
The trees were shutting out all sunlight
The trend was reversed
The tribes like to falcon in the desert
The tributary debouched into the big river
The trompe l'oeil-illusion establishes depth
The troops camouflaged themselves before they went into enemy territory
The troops carried the town after a brief fight
The troops dug in for the night
The troops pulled out after the cease-fire
The troops scaled the walls of the fort
The truck dumped the garbage in the street
The truck entered the driveway and drove up towards the house
The truck lurched down the road
The trumpets blew
The truth finally came to light
The truth will out
The tsunami swamped every boat in the harbor
The tubes were examined macroscopically
The tubing needs to be jacketed
The tugboat tugged the freighter into the harbor
The tutor turned around my son's performance in math
The two buildings touch
The two colleges affiliated
The two companies conspired to cause the value of the stock to fall
The two countries are misallied
The two countries share a long border
The two enemies finally confronted each other
The two events coincided
The two families stuck together throughout the war
The two historians polemicized for years
The two liquids homogenized in the blender
The two men clubbed together
The two men coconspired to cover up the Federal investigation
The two men staff the reception desk
The two old friends paired off
The two parties finally settled
The two paths diverge here
The two pieces match
The two pieces that we had glued separated
The two professors have been feuding for years
The two proposals conflict!
The two roads join here
The two stories don't agree in many details
The two streets connect to become a highway
The two warring parties will have to renegociate
The two women babbled and crooned at the baby
The two women, who had been roommates in college, drifted apart after they got married
The unfortunate hiker fell into a crevasse
The unidentified plant bore gorgeous flowers
The unions called a general strike for Sunday
The unit was hived off from its parent company
The university conferred a degree on its most famous former student, who never graduated
The university increased the number of students it admitted
The unknown young man drifted among the invited guests
The unoccupied house started to decay
The unruly student was excluded from the game
The use of computers in the classroom lead to better writing
The usher insisted on reseating us
The usher showed us to our seats
The vandals disfigured the statue
The vase fell over and the water spilled onto the table
The vegetables looked unpalatably wilted
The vegetables were completely overcooked
The vessel hove into sight
The vessel victualled before the long voyage
The vessel was shipwrecked
The victim was knifed to death
The victim's family is demanding compensation
The victorious army flexes its invincibility
The victory over the enemy glorified the Republic
The villa dominates the town
The vintner worked the wine in big oak vats
The violins in this piece dissonated disturbingly
The violist limbered her wrists before the concert
The visiting team started to attack
The voice teacher showed the students how to solmizate
The vote in New Hampshire often decides the outcome of the Presidential election
The vote would bog down the house
The voters were balloting in this state
The voting process doesn't work as well as people thought
The waiters around her aim to please
The wall collapsed
The wall gave in
The war desensitized many soldiers
The war drenched the country in blood
The war extended over five years
The war inflated the economy
The war of words between them de-escalated with time
The war uprooted many people
The war widowed many women in the former Yugoslavia
The warship was decommissioned in 1998
The washing machine won't go unless it's plugged in
The water came to a boil
The water came up to my waist
The water evaporated in front of our eyes
The water flowed off from the pipe
The water had redeposited minerals on the rocks
The water had to be cleared through filtering
The water in the bowl froze
The water is going to cleave a channel into the rock
The water left a mark on the silk dress
The water pipe is backed up
The water ran down
The water reached the doorstep
The water roared down the chute
The water rolled
The water shortage means that we have to stop taking long showers
The water supply for the town failed after a long drought
The water swells the wood
The water turned into ice
The water wastes back into the ocean
The wax hardened
The wax melted in the sun
The weak currency was pegged to the US Dollar
The weather changed last night
The weather held
The weather improved toward evening
The weather turned nasty
The weather vane points North
The weaver fringed the scarf
The weeds crowded out the flowers
The week at the spa restored me
The weights and measures were standardized
The well was spudded in April
The wetnurse suckled the infant
The whales belong among the mammals
The whales blew
The whales broke
The wheat headed early this year
The wheels are spinning around
The wheels are turning
The whistle blew
The wife hunkered down and the husband's resistance began to break down
The wild child found wandering in the forest was gradually civilized
The wildfire scorched the forest and several homes
The will aliened the property to the heirs
The will provides that each child should receive half of the money
The will stipulates that she can live in the house for the rest of her life
The will was broken
The wind blew from the West
The wind blew the leaves around in the yard
The wind buffeted him
The wind has gnarled this old tree
The wind settled in the West
The wind was howling in the trees
The wind was violent and felt substantial enough to lean against
The wind was winnowing her hair
The window banged shut
The window must be weatherstripped before the cold weather sets in
The window smashed
The windows closed with a loud bang
The windows were knocked out
The windshield fogged up
The windshield misted over
The wine glass shattered
The wine spilled onto the table
The wine spotted the tablecloth
The wine worked
The wings of birds were clogged with ice and snow
The wire must not contact the metal cover
The witness and her records were subpoenaed
The witness related the events
The witness was cross-examined by the defense
The witnesses confirmed the victim's account
The wolf was tamed and evolved into the house dog
The woman poured out her frustrations as the judge listened
The woman repudiated the divorce settlement
The woman tenderly nibbled at her baby's ear
The woman was raped on her way home at night
The woman who lost the car keys had to hot-wire her van
The woman's spiked heels gouged out the wooden floor
The women cackled when they saw the movie star step out of the limousine
The women craned their necks to see the President drive by
The women traced the pasture
The wood splintered
The wool was tithed
The word `hot' tends to cooccur with `cold'
The word processor has ousted the typewriter
The words `new' and `world' collocate
The words are misapplied in this context
The words seemed to come out by themselves
The work keeps piling up
The workers here must be badged
The workers migrate to where the crops need harvesting
The workers on the conveyor belt miss one out of ten
The world is watching Sarajevo
The wound is healing slowly
The wounded soldier was swinging unsteadily on his legs
The wounds were coapted
The wrestler twisted his shoulder
The writer carefully sourced her report
The writer fictionalized the lives of his parents in his latest novel
The writer indulged in metaphorical language
The writer satirized the politician's proposal
The yard was railed
The year in the US has completely Americanized him
The yeas have it
The yen appreciated again!
The young chess player impressed her audience
The young couple eloped and got married in Las Vegas
The young doctor is interning at the Medical Center this year
The young geisha was inducted into the ways of her profession
The young girl danced into the room
The young girls were all fancied up for the party
The young horse was prancing in the meadow
The young man began to sidle near the pretty girl sitting on the log
The young man broke the girl's heart when he told her was going to marry her best friend
The young man stooped to pick up the girl's purse
The young man was caught soliciting in the park
The young people were skinny-dipping in the pond
The young reporter was embedded with the Third Division
The young sparrows are fledging already
The young teacher had to substitute for the sick colleague
The young violinist didn't manage her bow very well
The young woman is fleshing out
The young woman took the veil after her fiance died
The youngsters had to fend for themselves after their parents died
The zebra was beset by leopards
The zoologists had to reclassify the mollusks after they found new species
Their anger came to a boil
Their anger died
Their behavior stultified the boss's hard work
Their dreams carried the Romantics away into distant lands
Their enthusiasm is faltering
Their faces were clouded with sadness
Their hands touched
Their ideas concorded
Their interests are served
Their interests diverged
Their language inclines us to believe them
Their loyalty exceeds their national bonds
Their manners had sophisticated the young girls
Their marriage dissolved
Their minds coarsened
Their roles are paralleled by ours
Their second homer with Bob Allison aboard
Their words obnubilate their intentions
Then the computer came along and changed our lives
Theodore Roosevelt and his Rough Riders became famous for their charge up San Juan Hill
Theodore Roosevelt said `Speak softly but carry a big stick'
There are marshes that stagnate the waters
There is no messaging service at this company
There is something missing in my jewelry box!
There remains the question of who pulled the trigger
There seems no reason to go ahead with the project now
There was a lot of noise in the kitchen
There was a new development that complicated the matter
There was pressure on the university to disinvest in South Africa
There was so much food at the party that we quickly got sated just by browsing
There were lots of questions referring to her talk
There were many swinging couples in the 1960's
There were trees growing all around
There were two hundred people at his funeral
There's little to earn and many to keep
There's not enough to go around
These accounts are largely inactive
These actions will ramify
These activities coordinate well
These apples need to mellow a bit more
These architects build in interesting and new styles
These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation
These bacteria reproduce
These big jets are tied to large airports
These birds can splay out their toes
These bonds carry warrants
These bonds mature in 2005
These books sell like hot cakes
These boots are not yet suppled by frequent use
These chemicals produce a noxious vapor
These colors clash
These colors please the senses
These consonants dissimilate
These constitute my entire belonging
These data would have muddied the prediction
These delicate plants do not transplant easily
These dresses run small
These dried fruits are sulphured
These dyes and colors are guaranteed not to run
These events dramatize the lack of social responsibility among today's youth
These experiences have sentimentalized her
These fabrics are delicate and cannot be tumbled dry
These few men comprise his entire army
These fine china cups damage easily
These fish swim with a saltating motion
These flowers were meant for you
These foods tend to constipate you
These forces combined with others
These gems retail at thousands of dollars each
These groups concentrate in the inner cities
These herbs suffer when sunned
These ideas were reprobated
These injustices embittered her even more
These keys have clicked open many doors
These lines are gradated
These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge
These mammals predate certain eggs
These manifestations effloresced in the past
These measures reflated the economy
These ministers speechify on every occasion
These misnamed philanthropists
These names came up in the discussion
These new customs are chipping away at the quality of life
These new shoes are killing me!
These news depressed her
These news should not be printed
These news will only make you more upset
These operators commute with each other
These pages don't belong
These painters believed that artists should symbolize
These paintings exalt the imagination
These particles do not resile but they unite after they collide
These patent leather shoes scuffed
These people still follow the laws of their ancient religion
These philosophers reposed the law in the people
These photos are underdeveloped
These pictures bring back sad memories
These pills will help the patient
These pills won't harm your system
These pipes are only spotwelded
These pipes carry waste water into the river
These political movements recrudesce from time to time
These potatoes have to cook for 20 minutes
These potatoes keep for a long time
These questions confuse even the experts
These references are cross-indexed
These rivers head from a mountain range in the Himalayas
These rooms intercommunicate
These sentences pattern like the ones we studied before
These shirts should be fast-dyed
These shoes come in three colors; The furniture comes unassembled
These shoes cost $100
These signs bode bad news
These species osculate
These stories die hard
These stories don't check!
These stories shook the community
These students were labelled `learning disabled'
These studies round out the results of many years of research
These superstitions survive in the backwaters of America
These symptoms indicate a serious illness
These techniques permit us to dimension the human heart
These things befell
These towns are many miles apart
These two fellows are always scrapping over something
These two notions are superordinated to a third
These two related tribes of people gradually dissimilated over time
These two tests differ in only one respect
These ugly billboards have to go!
These words mean nothing to me!
These worries were dragging at him
These young men deify financial success
They abnegated their gods
They acquired a new pet
They adhered to their plan
They adopted the Jewish faith
They adopted two children from Nicaragua
They affiliated with a national group
They always club together
They appeared like people who had not eaten or slept for a long time
They are drawing near
They are railing for fresh fish
They are searching for the missing man in the entire county
They are sourcing from smaller companies
They attended to everything he said
They auspicated the trip with a bottle of champagne
They averted their eyes when the King entered
They banged out `The star-spangled banner'
They beetled off home
They belong to the same political party
They bled me dry--I have nothing left!
They breasted the mountain
They broke into my car and stole my radio!
They buried the stolen goods
They burned the house and his diaries
They called him to active military duty
They car companies retrofitted all the old models with new carburetors
They carted off the old furniture
They censused the deer in the forest
They children trooped into the room
They chipped their names in the stone
They chiseled me out of my money
They claimed on the maximum allowable amount
They clamored the mayor into building a new park
They clawed their way to the top of the mountain
They closed in the porch with a fence
They closed the deal on the building
They combed the area for the missing child
They computerized the car industry
They concluded an economic agreement
They conducted themselves well during these difficult times
They considered the possibility of a strike
They conspired to overthrow the government
They contested the outcome of the race
They contrived to murder their boss
They covenanted with Judas for 30 pieces of silver
They deepened the lake so that bigger pleasure boats could use it
They deloused the prisoners after they liberated the camps
They developed a new technique
They disinvested themselves of their rights
They dropped her after she had a child out of wedlock
They drugged the kidnapped tourist
They embraced
They engaged in a discussion
They extorted money from the executive by threatening to reveal his past to the company boss
They extradited the fugitive to his native country so he could be tried there
They fastened various nicknames to each other
They fell out of favor
They fell to work dingdong
They felt the loss deeply
They finally took a bow for what they did
They fondled in the back seat of the taxi
They formed a company
They garlanded the statue
They had gotten the jump on their competitors
They had the lights to guide on
They had to consult before arriving at a decision
They had to escalade canyons to reach their destination
They had to render the estate
They have no monopoly on intelligence
They have two more years before they retire
They held on the road and kept marching
They hired two new secretaries in the department
They hoisted the patient onto the operating table
They huddled outside in the rain
They hunted the unwanted immigrants out of the neighborhood
They hymned their love of God
They inked the contract
They intruded on our dinner party
They isolated the political prisoners from the other inmates
They kited the Red Dragon model
They kneecapped the industrialist
They labeled him unfit to work here
They legitimized their natural child
They live well
They made do on half a loaf of bread every day
They managed to raise Hanoi last night
They manufacture small toys
They marched the mules into the desert
They men cased the housed
They mince and prim
They monetized the lira
They motored to London for the theater
They mounted the aerator on a floating
They named their son David
They negotiated the sale of the house
They never acclimatized in Egypt
They never reprinted the famous treatise
They nolle prossed the charge
They noted that it was a fine day to go sailing
They nurses were qualified to administer the injections
They oohed and aahed when they unwrapped the presents
They outsailed the Roman fleet
They outstayed their competitors
They paralleled the ditch to the highway
They passed the amendment
They pelted each other with snowballs
They pick up our trash twice a week
They played games on their opponents
They played him on first base
They plotted the overthrow of the government
They popped a few beer after work
They popularized coffee in Washington State
They portered the food up Mount Kilimanjaro for the tourists
They pried the information out of him
They processed into the dining room
They produce good ham in Parma
They prostrated the enemy
They railed from Rome to Venice
They ran down the fugitive
They ran the tapes over and over again
They re-set the date on the clock
They recorded her singing
They reenacted the battle of Princeton
They reined in in front of the post office
They renewed their membership
They renovated the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel
They reopened the theater
They replanted the land
They revamped their old house before selling it
They rigged the bomb to the ignition
They righted the sailboat that had capsized
They rolled from town to town
They rolled their eyes at his words
They rose early
They run through 20 bottles of wine a week
They sandbagged him to make dinner for everyone
They scraped a letter into the stone
They sequenced the human genome
They set up a committee
They signed two new pitchers for the next season
They slaughtered their only goat to survive the winter
They slid through the wicket in the big gate
They spoke of many things
They spread-eagled him across the floor
They squeezed money from the owner of the business by threatening him
They starved the prisoners
They stipulated to release all the prisoners
They strong-armed me when I left the restaurant
They stuck me with the dinner bill
They styled their nation `The Confederate States'
They taxed him failure to appear in court
They tend to evade their responsibilities
They tied their victim to the chair
They topped off their dinner with a cognac
They trafficked with us for gold
They trained him to be a warrior
They trekked towards the North Pole with sleds and skis
They tumbled the teams with no apparent pattern
They turned away hundreds of fans
They turned away the crowd at the gate of the governor's mansion
They turned in a splendid effort
They turned in top jobs for the second straight game
They turned their flashlights on the car
They underlaid the shingles with roofing paper
They unsaddled their mounts
They untied the prisoner
They used to vacation in the Bahamas
They vegetated the hills behind their house
They vested the council with special rights
They vociferated their demands
They voted aid for the underdeveloped countries in Asia
They voted in Clinton
They wanted to stigmatize the adulteress
They watched as the murderer was executed
They watered down the moonshine
They went birdnesting in the early morning
They went caroling on Christmas Day
They were asked to rededicate themselves to their country
They were awakened to the sad facts
They were bootlegging whiskey
They were circuiting about the state
They were clareting until well past midnight
They were deglycerolized by alternately centrifuging and mixing
They were feting the patriarch of the family
They were locked in embrace
They were out carousing last night
They were realloted additional farm land
They were shipwrecked in one of the mysteries at sea
They were sparring all night
They were struck with fear
They were swept up by the events
They wheeled their horses around and left
They will never stop shedding the blood of their enemies
They wised up to it
They won't have me to kick around any more!
They worship in the traditional manner
They would like to take it over again
They're happy and I hope they will remain so
Thicken the sauce
Thin the solution
Things have been breaking pretty well for us in the past few months
Things that die with their eyes open and questing
Things worked out in an interesting way
Think big
Think how hard life in Russia must be these days
Think of any integer between 1 and 25
Think of the starving children in India!
Think the matter through
Think twice before you have a child
Think what a scene it must have been!
This South African surgeon pioneered heart transplants
This action flies in the face of the agreement
This action reflects his true beliefs
This action swung many votes over to his side
This action was willed and intended
This action will negate the effect of my efforts
This actor outed last year
This adds a light note to the program
This adds to my worries
This antique vase can never be replaced
This apartment cannot be subdivided any further!
This appears to be a very difficult problem
This approach has been tried with good results
This artist works mostly in acrylics
This artist's drawings cannot emulate his water colors
This author really suffers in translation
This author romanced his trip to an exotic country
This author stole entire paragraphs from my dissertation
This author's stories universalize old themes
This baker specializes in French bread
This beats me!
This beggars description!
This behavior conflicts with our rules
This behavior defies explanation
This behavior doesn't suit you!
This behavior endeared her to me
This behavior struck me as odd
This behavior will ruin your chances of winning the election
This bike scales only 25 pounds
This bill grants us new rights
This blender can't handle nuts
This boat can only carry a small sail
This boat draws 70 inches
This boggles the mind!
This bond rates highly
This book belongs to me
This book deals with incest
This book upset me
This borders on discrimination!
This boss abuses his workers
This box houses the gears
This box won't take all the items
This bread cuts easily
This brings home my point
This brings me to the main point
This button had fallen off
This cabinet door doesn't hang right!
This can contains water
This car can reach a speed of 140 miles per hour
This car does 150 miles per hour
This car does not compare with our line of Mercedes
This car outperforms all others in its class
This car rides smoothly
This car suits my purpose well
This case is dismissed!
This ceremony solemnized our hearts
This child impressed me as unusually mature
This chimney draws very well
This colleague is always politicking
This comes under a new heading
This composition anticipates Impressionism
This compositional style is exemplified by this fugue
This country assimilates immigrants very quickly
This crime carries a penalty of five years in prison
This cuts into my earnings
This decision demonstrates his sense of fairness
This decision involves many changes
This decision will doom me to lose my position
This delicate sweater must be handwashed
This depressed patient does not verbalize
This designer makes up our Spring collections
This detergent will whiten your laundry
This development played into her hands
This dictionary can be read by the computer
This difficult idea seems to evade her
This dinner calls for a spectacular dessert
This dirty old man deflowered several young girls in the village
This dish feeds six
This dog doesn't eat certain kinds of meat
This door goes to the basement
This dough does not work easily
This dress accentuates your nice figure!
This dress fastens in the back
This dress hangs well
This dress needs to be altered
This dress spots quickly
This dress wore well for almost ten years
This drug aggravates the pain
This drug expectorates quickly
This drug is powerful enough to deterge
This drug will retard your heart rate
This drug will sharpen your vision
This economic measure doesn't even begin to deal with the problem of inflation
This eight year old boy still wets his bed
This employee is currying favor with his superordinates
This event disrupted the orderly process
This event occupied a very short time
This event only deepened my convictions
This exceeds all my expectations
This exercise will hurt your back
This exercise will strengthen your upper body
This experience transformed her completely
This experience will humble him
This experience will toughen her
This fabric is hand-dyed
This fabric won't wrinkle
This fact is coupled to the other one
This factor played only a minor part in his decision
This factory turns out saws
This falls under the rubric `various'
This famous potter hand-builds all of her vessels
This farm covers some 200 acres
This fashion caught on in Paris
This fellow charges $100 for a massage
This film outshone all the others in quality
This flavor will blend with those in your dish
This flower is known as a Peruvian Lily
This food revitalized the patient
This function can be rationalized
This fungus usually vegetates vigorously
This great civilization was propagated throughout the land
This group encompasses a wide range of people from different backgrounds
This gun ranges over two miles
This guy can outmarch anyone!
This guy can press 300 pounds
This guy is always nosing around the office
This hairdo feminizes the man
This harks back to a previous remark of his
This heap of stones will act as a barrier
This hen doesn't lay
This herbal infusion doesn't stimulate
This holds the local until the express passengers change trains
This hotel can accommodate 250 guests
This huge rock beetles over the edge of the town
This idea will never amount to anything
This illness predisposes you to gain weight
This impinges on my rights as an individual
This instruction capacitates us to understand the problem
This interludes intervenes between the two movements
This intervention does not postulate a patient's consent
This invention will make you a millionaire
This is a pressing problem
This is a recurring story
This is my house
This is not a good answer
This is the day when Mary was assumed into heaven
This job asks a lot of patience and skill
This job doesn't match my dreams
This judge can be bought
This kind of behavior does not suit a young woman!
This kind of food is not nourishing for young children
This kind of food sickens me
This kind of work exhausts me
This knife cuts well
This lamp lightens the room a bit
This land crops well
This land was settled by Germans
This land will carry ten cows to the acre
This lawyer verbalizes and is rather tedious
This leash chafes the dog's neck
This leaves no room for improvement
This let me in for a big surprise
This letter is being circulated among the faculty
This library was well conceived
This line in the play smuts the entire act
This liquid will soften your laundry
This machine automatically cycles
This machine withdraws heat from the environment
This magazine is censored by the government
This makes a fine introduction
This man always hesitates and evades
This man always sermonizes
This man can't fit himself into our work environment
This man harasses his female co-workers
This man killed several people when he tried to rob a bank
This man shilled and bid for an expensive carpet during the auction in order to drive the price up
This material doesn't give
This material outwears all others
This matter entrenches on other domains
This matters to me!
This may answer her needs
This measure crippled our efforts
This medicine is home-confected
This melody immortalized its composer
This metal oxidizes easily
This method doesn't work
This mistake cost him his job
This model must be scaled down
This money is my only income
This money will help the development of literacy in developing countries
This money will keep us going for another year
This money will see me through next month
This move will save money
This moved me to sacrifice my career
This movie tugs at the heart strings
This movie usually arouses the male audience
This mushrooms can poison
This name has long since been forgotten
This neckband is choking the cat
This neighborhood is segregated
This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us
This new colleague invades my territory
This new development finally decided me!
This new ruling affects your business
This new system subsumes the old one
This new theory owes much to Einstein's Relativity Theory
This new wallpaper really glamorizes the living room!
This new washer carries a two year guarantee
This newspaper story discredits the politicians
This nitrate opalesces under certain conditions
This novel points up the racial problems in England
This novel rambles on and jogs
This novelist has been manufacturing his books following his initial success
This nucleus has captured the slow-moving neutrons
This office is buzzing with activity
This old radio doesn't work anymore
This opens up new possibilities
This operator is spot-jammed
This paint covers well
This painting embodies the feelings of the Romantic period
This painting ranks among the best in the Western World
This paper carries a restaurant review
This paper resembles my own work
This paper will add to her reputation
This period is represented by Beethoven
This permits the water to rush in
This photo takes me back to the good old days
This photograph does not do her justice
This photograph has been retouched!
This pianist pulls huge crowds
This piano wants the attention of a competent tuner
This piece won't fit into the puzzle
This pill will relieve your headaches
This pilot works the controls
This pipe admits air
This plan indemnifies workers against wages lost through illness
This plant can be referred to a known species
This plants radiate spines in all directions
This play has been overworked
This play is going to ruffle some people
This play jarred the audience
This play stimulates
This play will either make or break the playwright
This player was brought up to the major league
This poem can be characterized as a lament for a dead lover
This policy excludes people who have a criminal record from entering the country
This politician will be forced into re-arguing an old national campaign
This popcorn pops quickly in the microwave oven
This poses an interesting question
This position demands a lot of personal sacrifice
This position is not always staffed
This possibility can be eliminated from our consideration
This powder compacts easily
This problem admits of no solution
This problem inheres in the design
This problem stumped her
This procedure produces a curious effect
This procedure provides for lots of leeway
This product was touted as a revolutionary invention
This professor spoonfeeds his students
This program will be seen all over the world
This project is jinxed!
This project looks fishy
This question befuddled even the teacher
This question completely threw me
This question cries out for an answer
This question really stuck me
This rare Bordeaux must be allowed to breathe for at least 2 hours
This record sounds scratchy
This religion is fermenting Africa
This remark lead to further arguments among the guests
This remark really bruised my ego
This reporter was well-known for his muckraking
This restaurant changed hands twice last year
This restaurant features the most famous chefs in France
This restaurant has Frenchified
This rifle carries for 3,000 feet
This ring was handed down through many generations
This road has been signed
This robot can sense the presence of people in the room
This room is not designed for work
This rule clearly disadvantages me
This sad scene ended the movie
This salary increase makes no difference to my standard of living
This sale netted me $1 million
This salesman outsells his colleagues
This salesman ripped us off!
This sauce will enhance the flavor of the meat
This scene acts well
This scene depicts country life
This scene overarches the entire first act
This school graduates 2,000 students each year
This school is completely desegregated
This sculpture commemorates the victims of the concentration camps
This sealed door won't allow the water come into the basement
This sentence violates the rules of syntax
This short story allows of several different interpretations
This should expedite the process
This show will air Saturdays at 2 P.M.
This show zaps the viewers with some shocking scenes
This sign marks the border
This silly excuse won't wash in traffic court
This silly novel is masquerading as a serious historical treaty
This singer always packs the concert halls
This situation has developed over a long time
This situation is crying for attention
This skill will enable you to find a job on Wall Street
This skirt keeps riding up my legs
This sofa won't go with the chairs
This soil retains water
This song takes off from a famous aria
This sounds interesting
This soup lacks salt
This speaker commands a high fee
This speech didn't play well with the American public
This spoilt food disgusts me
This statement misrepresents my intentions
This step presupposes two prior ones
This stick will deodorize your armpits
This story dates back 200 years
This story held our interest
This story is well paragraphed
This story will grab you
This story would lend itself well to serialization on television
This stove cleans easily
This student falls all over her former professor when she sees him
This student gives promise of real creativity
This student heads the class
This student knows her irregular verbs
This student sleeps with everyone in her dorm
This student somehow doesn't belong
This suits my needs
This sum represents my entire income for a year
This sum will buy you a ride on the train
This sure beats work!
This surface will not take the dye
This system advantages the rich
This table surfaces measures 20inches by 36 inches
This table would serve very well
This tastes of nutmeg
This tax bears down on the lower middle class
This teacher always egotrips and the students don't like him
This tenor can sightsing even the most difficult pieces
This tent sleeps six people
This term paper stinks!
This theory holds for all irrational numbers
This theory lends itself well to our new data
This theory still holds
This theory won't hold water
This thinking was applied to many projects
This ticket will admit one adult to the show
This ties in closely with his earlier remarks
This time I got him
This time suits me
This town likes to regulate
This train is carrying nuclear waste
This treatment repaired my health
This tribe transmigrated many times over the centuries
This trip will season even the hardiest traveller
This vacuum pack locks in the flavor!
This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go
This vowel diphthongized in Germanic
This vowel is usually elided before a single consonant
This wall forms the background of the stage setting
This will counteract the foolish actions of my colleagues
This will do you good
This will enhance your enjoyment
This will help to prevent accidents
This will permit the rain to run off
This will renovate my spirits
This will save money
This will save you a lot of time
This wine sure goes down well
This wool makes into a nice sweater
This word has not obsolesced, although it is rarely used
This word instantiates the usage that the linguists claimed to be typical for a certain dialect
This word is not attested until 1993
This worry hangs on my mind
This writer anatomized the depth of human behavior
This writer attempts more than his talents can compass
This writer plundered from famous authors
This writer really fractures the language
This year's crop yielded 1,000 bushels of corn
This year's debt dwarfs that of last year
This young man knows how to climb the social ladder
This young man refuses to work and is freeloading
This young soprano debuts next month at the Metropolitan Opera
Thomas Bowdler was a famous expurgator
Thoreau wrote a famous essay justifying civil disobedience
Those who criticize others often are not perfect, either
Those who recidivate are often minor criminals
Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church
Thou art careful and troubled about many things
Thought is consubstantiated with the object
Thousands demonstrated against globalization during the meeting of the most powerful economic nations in Seattle
Three inmates broke jail
Throw a glance
Throw a six
Thugs beat him up when he walked down the street late at night
Thunderbolts can stampede animals
Thursday is his day off
Tibetan monks
Ticketed passengers can board now
Tidy up your room!
Tie the ropes together
Tighten the wire
Time fleeing beneath him
Time flies like an arrow
Time had dimmed the silver
Time marches on
Title 8 provided federal help for schools
Tito's Yugoslavia included Slovenia, Croatia, Macedonia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Serbia, and Montenegro
To Christians, protology refers to God's fundamental purpose for humanity
To enjoy the picnic, we stretched out on the grass
To erase, you must backspace
To make a batik, you impress a design with wax
To sleep, perchance to dream...
Tobagonian beaches
Today is beautiful
Today the United States is the only country in the world not totally committed to the Systeme International d'Unites
Today we honor our soldiers
Toll the bridges into New York City
Tolstoy's novels translate well into English
Tom Swift looked at his cabin mates inquiringly
Tom and Dick were both heroes but only the former is remembered today
Tom and Dick were both heroes but only the latter is remembered today
Tom was typically hostile
Tone down that aggressive letter
Tongan beaches
Tonight she is dating a former high school sweetheart
Too big to be extinguished at once, the forest fires at best could be contained
Too much cutting dulls the knife's edge
Too much poetry sentimentalizes the mind
Too much rain may blight the garden with mold
Too much spicy food cloyed his appetite
Torquemada was the inquisitor general for the Spanish Inquisition
Touch the stone for good luck
Tourism is a major business in Bermuda
Tourists flocked to the shrine where the statue was said to have shed tears
Towards the end of town, the houses thinned out
Traffic is tied up for miles around the bridge where the accident occurred
Traffic stood still when the funeral procession passed by
Traffic was delayed by the bad weather
Train your tastebuds
Transcribe the oral history of this tribe
Transplant the young rice plants
Treat him with caution, please
Treat the infection with antibiotics
Trigger a gun
Trinidadian rum
Triple your income!
Trojan cities
Troops are ready to go into overdrive as soon as the signal is given
Troops fall in!
Try on this sweater to see how it looks
Try these new crackers
Tucson was first settled as a walled presidio
Tudor furniture
Tuesday always follows Monday
Tunisian archeological sites
Tunisian markets
Turkish towels
Turn and face your partner now
Turn back the tide of communism
Turn in after you see the gate
Turn off the stereo, please
Turn on the charm
Turn the files over to me, please
Turn the proposal over in your mind
Turn towards me
Turner's vision of the rainbow...was poetic
Twine the thread around the spool
Twine the threads into a rope
Twist the strips of dough
Two meteors clashed
Ty Cobb and Babe Ruth were 1936 inductees in the National Baseball Hall of Fame
Tyrannosaurus Rex was a large carnivore
Tyrolean yodeling
Ugandan game parks
Unbuckle your seat belt
Uncle Sam wants you
Understanding comes from experience
Unfold the newspaper
Union soldiers
United Industries
United States troops now carry atropine and autoinjectors in their first-aid kits to use in case of organophosphate nerve agent poisoning
Unquarried marble sparkled on the hillside
Unrest erupted in the country
Uppers come in many styles
Upraising ghosts
Uranus was discovered by William Herschel in 1781
Ursa Major
Ursa Minor
Usuli Shiism produced the politically active caste of priests that is a distinctive feature of Iranian Shiism
Usumbura was renamed Bujumbura when Burundi became independent in 1962
Utah and the contiguous state of Idaho
VX gas is one of those things we wish we could disinvent
Valencia is the third largest city in Spain
Values distribute
Vary the menu
Venetian canals
Venetian glass
Venezuelan oil
Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord
Venice was an important center of trade with the East
Verdi's earliest and most raucous opera
Verona is on the Adige
Vesuvius erupts once in a while
Vesuvius precipitated its fiery, destructive rage on Herculaneum
Vibramycin is the trade name of doxycycline
Vice-presidential debates
Victorian morals
Victory, however it was brought about, was sweet
Vienna, Budapest, and Belgrade are on the banks of the Danube
Viet Nam is modernizing rapidly
Vietnam was a ball-breaker
Vietnamese boat people
Virginia had defended her land victoriously
Visit us by all means
Vitamin D only synthesizes when sunlight is available
Vitamins supplemented his meager diet
Voices broke in the air
WW II began in 1939 when Hitler marched into Poland
Wade the pond
Wake old feelings of hatred
Walk over to the cabinet
Walk the dog twice a day
Walk the tightrope
Walk with God
Walk, don't run!
Wallow in luxury
Walton built a retail giant
Wants to marry the butler? Indeed!
Ward off danger
Wash in warm water and tumble dry
Wash ores
Wash out your dirty shirt in the sink
Wash the towels, please!
Washington is a metonym for the United States government
Washington now decides to cross the Delaware
Washingtonian museums
Washingtonian politics as usual
Watch how the dog chases the cats away
Watch out for pickpockets!
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius
Water emanates from this hole in the ground
Water flowed into the cave
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit
Water is dripping from the faucet
Water issued from the hole in the wall
Water jetted forth
Water leaked out of the can into the backpack
Water permeates sand easily
Water poured all over the floor
Water sprayed all over the floor
Water the fields
Waterproof the coat
Waves were dashing against the rock
Wayne cut
We abandoned the old car in the empty parking lot
We accept the idea of universal health care
We added two students to that dorm room
We adjourned for lunch
We agreed on the terms of the settlement
We alerted the new neighbors to the high rate of burglaries
We all rooted for the home team
We almost died laughing during the show
We always invite the neighbors and they never reciprocate!
We anchored at Baltimore
We answered that we would accept the invitation
We are advancing technology every day
We are dispensing with formalities
We are experimenting with the new drug in order to fight this disease
We are fundraising for AIDS research
We are generaled by an incompetent!
We are lodging three foreign students this semester
We are moving ahead in time now
We are not amused
We are racing to find a cure for AIDS
We are remodeling these rooms
We are running down a few tips
We are staying in Detroit; we are not moving to Cincinnati
We are taking an orphan from Romania
We ascended the mountain
We assembled in the church basement
We attributed this quotation to Shakespeare
We bandied around these difficult questions
We barely made it to the finish line
We barely made the plane
We bargained for a beautiful rug in the bazaar
We beat the competition
We bedded down at midnight
We began the new semester
We began working at dawn
We blamed the accident on her
We blew a tire
We breakfast at seven
We brunch in Sundays
We bunked the children upstairs
We burst out laughing
We came to understand the true meaning of life
We can compare the Han dynasty to the Romans
We can counter point-jamming effectively
We can lean on this man
We can trust in our government
We can't afford to send our children to college
We can't generate enough power for the entire city
We cannot admit non-members into our club building
We cannot air this X-rated song
We cannot continue several servants any longer
We cannot legislate how people spend their free time
We cannot man all the desks
We cannot regulate the way people dress
We cannot represent this knowledge to our formal reason
We cannot tolerate smoking in the hospital
We carry a very large mortgage
We caught something of his theory in the lecture
We cemented our friendship
We clashed over the new farm policies
We cleaned out all the drawers
We cleared a lot of the old model cars
We closed on the house on Friday
We closed out our account
We co-opted the independent minority tribes by pulling them into the Northern Alliance
We combust coal and other fossil fuels
We compared notes after we had both seen the movie
We compassed the earth
We compel all students to fill out this form
We concluded a cease-fire
We condemn the racism in South Africa
We conferred about a plan of action
We confronted him with the evidence
We continued our research into the cause of the illness
We continued to work into the night
We converted from 220 to 110 Volt
We cooked out in the forest
We could do with a little more help around here
We could nohow make out his handwriting
We could see through her apparent calm
We countermined the banks of the river
We credit your account with $100
We credited her for saving our jobs
We cuddled against each other to keep warm
We cut through the neighbor's yard to get home sooner
We debated the question of abortion
We deplore the government's treatment of political prisoners
We did 6 miles on our hike every day
We did not eat until 10 P.M. because there were so many phone calls
We didn't believe his stories from the War
We discussed our household budget
We disguised our faces before robbing the bank
We distinguish several kinds of maple
We do not recognize your gods
We don't allow dogs here
We don't allow people to come into our plant and try to unionize the workers
We don't intermingle much
We don't know the woman who posed for Leonardo so often
We don't segregate in this county
We drained the oil tank
We dressed up for Halloween as pumpkins
We drew out some interesting linguistic data from the native informant
We drilled French verbs every day
We drive the turnpike to work
We drove the car to the garage
We drove to the university every morning
We elected him chairman of the board
We embarked on an exciting enterprise
We escaped to our summer house for a few days
We exhausted our savings
We expect the stocks to recover to $2.90
We exploded the nuclear bomb
We familiarized ourselves with the new surroundings
We fell out over a trivial question
We felt the effects of inflation
We ferment the grapes for a very long time to achieve high alcohol content
We finally decided after lengthy deliberations
We finally got the suspect
We finally got through the bureaucracy and could talk to the Minister
We finally settled the argument
We find this idea in Plato
We fly flowers from the Caribbean to North America
We formalized the appointment and gave him a title
We found Republicans winning the offices
We found out that she had been fiddling for years
We found the money to send our sons to college
We found traces of lead in the paint
We frequently drop by the neighbors' house for a cup of coffee
We furnished the house in the Biedermeyer style
We gave the drowning victim up for dead
We glimpsed the Queen as she got into her limousine
We go marketing every Saturday
We got back the money after we threatened to sue the company
We got by on just a gallon of gas
We got quizzed on French irregular verbs
We gravelled the driveway
We grow wheat here
We grumbled about the increased work load
We had a ball at the party and didn't come home until 2 AM
We had his bedroom insulated before winter came
We had many trials to go through
We had to brake suddenly when a chicken crossed the road
We had to cap the number of people we can accept into our club
We had to cut short our vacation
We had to cut short the conversation
We had to have the signature notarized
We had to jostle our way to the front of the platform
We had to lose weight, so we cut the sugar from our diet
We had to oblige him
We had to orient ourselves in the forest
We had to recount all the votes after an accusation of fraud was made
We had to relocate the office because the rent was too high
We had to reschedule the doctor's appointment
We had to reshoot that scene 24 times
We had to see a psychiatrist
We had to sharpen our arguments
We had to simplify the instructions
We had to spell out our names for the police officer
We had to splosh across the wet meadow
We had to stand for the entire performance!
We had to stop over in Venezuela on our flight back from Brazil
We had to swim for 20 minutes to reach the shore
We had to tramp the creeks
We handcraft all our paper
We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater
We have a machine that humidifies the air in the house
We have always known that heedless self-interest was bad morals; we know now that it is bad economics
We have been exchanging letters for a year
We have come to dedicate a portion of that field...It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this
We have developed a new theory of evolution
We have exhausted the food supplies
We have got to play this game out, even thought it is clear that we have last
We have to crank out publications in order to receive funding
We have to pipe in oil
We have to push a little to make the deadline!
We have to rerun the subjects--they misunderstood the instructions
We have to rush!
We haven't even begun to map the many galaxies that we know exist
We haven't met in a long time, so let me reintroduce myself
We heard his feet shuffling down the hall
We heard nothing from our son for five years
We herded the children into a spare classroom
We hit Detroit by noon
We hosted 4 couples last night
We imprint our ideas onto our children
We injected the glucose into the patient's vein
We internationalized the committee
We interrupt the program for the following messages
We interviewed the job candidates
We invited the neighbors in for a cup of coffee
We joined forces with another research group
We kept the work going as long as we could
We kept to the original conditions of the contract
We know this movie
We lead him to our chief
We licked the other team on Sunday!
We like to plan ahead
We like to walk every Sunday
We localized the source of the infection
We looked all day and finally found the child in the forest
We lost part of what he said
We lost sight of the tower as pulled out of the harbor
We lost the battle but we won the war
We love to ski the Rockies
We made for the mountains
We made it!
We managed to reserve a table at Maxim's
We marvelled at the child's linguistic abilities
We memorialized the Dead
We merged our resources
We met once long ago
We moved from Idaho to Nebraska
We must acknowledge the kindness she showed towards us
We must adjust to the bad economic situation
We must combat the prejudices against other races
We must cut the other team to ribbons!
We must develop more potential customers
We must educate our youngsters better
We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba
We must hear the expert before we make a decision
We must include this chemical element in the group
We must move quickly
We must not fail his obligation to the victims of the Holocaust
We must not marginalize the poor in our society
We must not proliferate nuclear arms
We must number the names of the great mathematicians
We must prevent the cancer from spreading
We must question your judgment in this matter
We must recycle the cardboard boxes
We must reorganize the company if we don't want to go under
We must retool the town's economy
We must retrain the linguists who cannot find employment
We must stand or fall
We must stand sentinel to protect ourselves
We must strike the enemy's oil fields
We must tolerate the religions of others
We must walk with our dispossessed brothers and sisters
We need to leverage this company
We need to re-explore Colonialism
We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago
We never saw eye to eye on this question
We never smoked marijuana
We never went out when our children were small
We officialized our relationship
We often dine with friends in this restaurant
We often talk business
We oppose the ban on abortion
We overheard the conversation at the next table
We painted the rooms yellow
We passed the point where the police car had parked
We patronize this store
We pause for station identification
We peered into the back of the shop to see whether a salesman was around
We performed a popular Gilbert and Sullivan opera
We picked up a hitchhiker on the highway
We picnicked near the lake on this gorgeous Sunday
We played hockey all afternoon
We poked into the bar
We pooled resources
We poured money into the education of our children
We prefer sleeping outside
We premiered the opera of the young composer and it was a critical success
We presented the arguments to him
We preserve these archeological findings
We prize his creativity
We proceeded towards Washington
We produce more cars than we can sell
We prolonged our stay
We provided the room with an electrical heater
We pulled this firm off the project because they overcharged
We pulled through most of the victims of the bomb attack
We put in a grant to the NSF
We put in a new sink
We put the time of arrival at 8 P.M.
We puzzled over her sudden departure
We quarreled over the question as to who discovered America
We questioned the survivor about the details of the explosion
We quickly played out our strength
We raffled off a trip to the Bahamas
We raise hogs here
We ran out of time just as the discussion was getting interesting
We ran the ad three times
We rationalized the factory's production and raised profits
We reasoned that it was cheaper to rent than to buy a house
We refurnished the living room
We remembered the 50th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz
We renegociated our old mortgage now that the interest rates have come down
We renewed our friendship after a hiatus of twenty years
We rent out our apartment to tourists every year
We rented our apartment to friends while we were abroad
We replayed the game
We require our secretary to be on time
We resumed the negotiations
We reverted to the old rules
We revisited Rome after 25 years
We risked losing a lot of money in this venture
We rotate the crops so as to maximize the use of the soil
We rotate the lead soprano every night
We rummaged through the drawers
We sailed the Atlantic
We salivated when he described the great meal
We sat around chatting for another hour
We sat up all night to watch the election
We scaled the Mont Blanc
We searched the whole house for the missing keys
We serve meals for the homeless
We settled for a lower price
We shared the cake
We should discourage this practice among our youth
We should encode the message for security reasons
We should fertilize soil if we want to grow healthy plants
We should go farther in this matter
We should not fear the Communists!
We should not overexploit our natural resources
We shouldn't pass judgment on other people
We shut off the valve
We shuttered the window to keep the house cool
We simply could not start the engine
We sketched out our plan
We spent the summer trekking in the foothills of the Himalayas
We stand on common ground
We started French in fourth grade
We started physics in 10th grade
We studied the development of the children longitudinally
We sublet our apartment over the summer
We succeeded in getting tickets to the show
We summered in Kashmir
We sustained ourselves on bread and water
We sustained the diplomatic negotiations as long as possible
We take the Times every day
We take turns on the night shift
We tasted wines last night
We teamed up for this new project
We telexed the information to our sister company
We terrassed the country house
We thought to return early that night
We tippled the cognac
We took a pay cut
We took an apartment on a quiet street
We took our seats in the orchestra
We took the abused child away from its parents
We tooled down the street
We toured the Provence this summer
We travelled North on Rte. 508
We travelled from Rome to Naples by bus
We tricked the teacher into thinking that class would be cancelled next week
We tubed down the river on a hot summer day
We turned from Socialism to Capitalism
We undocked at noon
We updated the kitchen in the old house
We vaccinate against scarlet fever
We venerate genius
We ventured into the world of high-tech and bought a supercomputer
We walked instead of driving
We want to know what is perennially new about the world
We warmed up the car for a few minutes
We waste the dirty water by channeling it into the sewer
We watched children were running by
We watered the buffalo
We welcomed her warmly
We went antiquing on Saturday
We went berrying in the summer
We went mushrooming in the Fall
We went on working until well past midnight
We went punting in Cambridge
We went snailing in the summer
We went to see the Eiffel Tower in the morning
We went tramping about the state of Colorado
We went without water and food for 3 days
We were approaching our destination
We were assigned new uniforms
We were billed for 4 nights in the hotel, although we stayed only 3 nights
We were courting for over ten years
We were cruising in the Caribbean
We were expecting a visit from our relatives
We were headed for the mountains
We were hiking in Colorado
We were hit by really bad weather
We were inducted into the honor society
We were keyed after the locks were changed in the building
We were porting all in the club after dinner
We were speculating whether the President had to resign after the scandal
We were tempted by the delicious-looking food
We were up drinking all night
We were walking around in the neighborhood to see whether we could find an open drugstore
We were wed the following week
We whipped through the last papers that we had to read before the weekend
We will demo the new software in Washington
We will plump out that poor starving child
We wintered on the Riviera
We won only to lose again in the next round
We wore ourselves out on this hike
We worked through an example
We worked up an ad for our client
We worked up courage
We'll get them!
We'll have to crawfish out from meeting with him
We'll have to vote on whether or not to admit a new member
We'll not see his like again
We'll take out pizza, since I am too tired to cook
We'll wallop them!
Weatherbeater protects your roof from the rain
Weber's law explains why you don't notice your headlights are on in the daytime
Well I'm jiggered!
Well-developed breasts
Welsh syntax
Were you ever intimate with this man?
Were you hurting after the accident?
West Africa was decolonized in the early 1960's
Westminster Abbey is the scene of the coronations of almost all English monarchs
Westminster Hall's awing majesty, so vast, so high, so silent
Wet your face
Wharf the merchandise
Wharf the mouth of the river
What a queer rigout!
What are you driving at?
What becomes has duration
What characterizes a Venetian painting?
What defines a good wine?
What did you eat for dinner last night?
What did you get at the toy store?
What did you rout out in the library?
What do we have here?
What do whales eat?
What do you get when you add up these numbers?
What do you make of his remarks?
What does his strange behavior signify?
What does love consist in?
What does the Statue of Liberty symbolize?
What does the law say?
What does this dish consist of?
What does this move entail?
What does this painting say?
What has become of my children?
What is behind this behavior?
What is happening?
What is the meaning of this proverb?
What makes her do this way?
What message do you see in this letter?
What possessed you to buy this house?
What should I wear today?
What star outshines the sun?
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge
What was he hollering about?
What will you give her for her birthday?
What you are seeing in him eludes me
What's eating you?
What's holding that mirror?
What's playing in the local movie theater?
What's this new evidence based on?
Whatsoever ye would that men do unto you, do you even so unto them
Wheat should be well ventilated
Wheeling is located in the northern panhandle of West Virginia
When I am dead, my dearest, / Sing no sad songs for me
When I called her name, she gave me a blank look, as though she didn't know me
When asked to drive the truck, she objected that she did not have a driver's license
When does the court of law sit?
When he lectures, I cannot follow
When he met his idol, the young man was tongue-tied
When he saw the accident, he freaked out
When he saw the police car he froze
When he spent a summer at camp, the boy grew noticeably and no longer showed some of his old adolescent behavior
When he woke up, he found himself in a hospital room
When her baby died, she snapped
When it drizzles in summer, hiking can be pleasant
When it squalls, a prudent sailor reefs his sails
When it was blown up, the building powderized
When one wonders why one is doing certain things, one should rationalize
When she doesn't like to face a problem, she simply stonewalls
When she got married, she got dowered
When she heard that she had not passed the exam, she lost it completely
When she started to tell silly stories, I ran out
When the dog entered the stage, he upstaged the actress
When the law changed, Pet could finally married his long-time boyfriend Jim
When the movie star entered, all the women gave him the once over
When the officers show up, the soldiers have to salute
When the wings iced up, the pilot was forced to land his plane
When will the new President assume office?
When will the new President take office?
When you buy these stocks you are gambling
When you have to hiccup, drink a glass of cold water
When you hear his sermons, you will be able to believe, too
Whenever it thunders, my dog crawls under the bed
Where are you lodging in Paris?
Where did she get these news?
Where do these books belong?
Where do these books go?
Where do today's public schools fail?
Where do you bank in this town?
Where do you keep your gardening tools?
Where do you stand on the War?
Where is my umbrella?
Which horse are you backing?
Whilst that for which all virtue now is sold, and almost every vice--almighty gold
White wine doesn't agree with me
Who are you siding with?
Who cannot exult in Spring?
Who cast this beautiful movie?
Who discovered the North Pole?
Who erased the files from my hard disk?
Who is calling the shots in this house?
Who is catching?
Who is going to bell the cat?
Who is governing the country now?
Who is heading this project?
Who is overseeing this project?
Who is this man that is hanging around the department?
Who officiated at your wedding?
Who rifled through my desk drawers?
Who started this company?
Who was navigating the ship during the accident?
Who will bankroll the restoration of the former East German economy?
Who will be herding the cattle when the cowboy dies?
Who will perform the wedding?
Who will start?
Who's batting?
Who's chiseling on the side?
Who's dealing?
Who's running for treasurer this year?
Whosoever..believes in me shall never die
Why are you so all-fired aggressive?
Why did the U.S. not intervene earlier in WW II?
Why don't you show your nice legs and wear shorter skirts?
Why risk your life?
Will $100 do?
Will Charles succeed to the throne?
Will I get charged for this service?
Will Korea reunify?
Will computers depersonalize human interactions?
Will he say nasty things at my funeral?
Will he vouch for me?
Will modern physicists weaponize String Theory?
Will the new rules affect me?
Will this wallpaper adhere to the wall?
Will you pay cash or charge the purchase?
William McKinley's dignified front-porch campaign won him the presidency in 1896
William Shakespeare was an Elizabethan
Willie eased himself overside into the sea
Win the game
Winds buffeted the tent
Winner takes all
Winter harshened the look of the city
Winter is approaching
Witches were burned in Salem
With age, he mellowed
With this machine, ultrasound can be visualized
Without a drenching rain, the forest fire will char everything
Women must not unveil themselves in public in some religious societies
Women nowadays not only take care of the household but also bring home the bacon
Women should assert themselves more!
Women tend not to advance in the major law firms
Won't you reconsider your decision?
Wood makes good furniture
WordNet gets many hits from users worldwide
Work out your problems with the boss
Work the metal into a sword
Work the phones
Work the soil
Working backstage to gain political support for his proposal
Would you change places with me?
Would you like to come along to the movies?
Wrap the present
Wring one's hand
Write her soon, please!
X is no respecter of Y
Xhosa speakers click
Yankee Doodle stuck a feather in his cap and called it macaroni
Yarn rolls well
Yemeni mountains
Yes, I meant you when I complained about people who gossip!
Yoke the draft horses together
Yon Cassius has a lean and hungry look
You are blocking the name of your first wife!
You are glorifying a rather mediocre building
You are going to get it!
You are misapplying the name of this religious group
You are overestimating the value of your old car
You are plainly wrong
You are taking advantage of my good will!
You are trying my patience!
You broke the alarm clock when you took it apart!
You can FTP these data
You can bet on that!
You can characterize his behavior as that of an egotist
You can crash here, though it's not very comfortable
You can get the results on Monday
You can microwave the leftovers
You can never live this down!
You can stay with me while you are in town
You can't fool me!
You can't persuade me to buy this ugly vase!
You cannot believe this man
You cannot bypass these rules!
You cannot compartmentalize your life like this!
You cannot conduct business like this
You cannot equate success in financial matters with greed
You cannot even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war
You cannot get water out of a stone
You cannot nurse your baby in public in some places
You cannot re-enter the country with this visa
You cannot windsurf when the air is completely still
You deserve a promotion after all the hard work you have done
You don't have to yell--I can hear you just fine
You don't look your age!
You don't need to explain--I understand!
You find fast food stores everywhere
You gave me to think that you agreed with me
You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice
You had to be a good judge of what a man was like, and the English was copacetic
You have ruined my car by pouring sugar in the tank!
You have shipwrecked my career
You have to be a good observer to see all the details
You have to handle the students with kid gloves
You have to learn how to abseil when you want to do technical climbing
You have to network if you want to get a good job
You have to reckon with our opponents
You have to stroke the boss
You make me feel naked
You miserable skunk!
You misstated my position
You must accept yourself and others if you really want to live
You must adhere to the rules
You must carry your camping gear
You must comply or else!
You must condole the widow
You must confront your opponent
You must confront your problems
You must consider her age
You must countersign on this line of the contract
You must factor in the recent developments
You must overcome all difficulties
You must reconfirm your flight reservations
You must take the receiver off the hook before you dial
You must vacate your office by tonight
You must vindicate yourself and fight this libel
You never understand what I mean!
You should act like an adult
You should consult the dictionary
You should handwrite the note to your guests
You should not overclothe the child--she will be too hot
You should number the pages of the thesis
You should overhaul your car engine
You should see a lawyer
You should shower after vigorous exercise
You should spell out your demands
You squandered the opportunity to get and advanced degree
You will do well to arrive on time tomorrow!
You will go far, my boy!
You will pass with flying colors
You will stunt your growth by building all these muscles
You would do well to say nothing more
You'd better back up these files!
You'll have to lug this suitcase
You'll pay for this opinion later
You'll pay for this!
You'll see a lot of cheating in this school
You're a better man than I am, Gunga Din
Young men senesce
Young people should step to the fore and help their peers
Your Excellency
Your Ladyship
Your Lordship
Your ability to speak six languages amazes me!
Your children have infected you with this head cold
Your comments may backfire and cause you a lot of trouble
Your education qualifies you for this job
Your former neighbor is wanted by the FBI
Your grade will depends on your homework
Your income disqualifies you
Your muscles will firm when you exercise regularly
Your need to sleep late does not excuse your late arrival at work
Your performance doesn't even touch that of your colleagues
Your remarks make me out to be stupid
Your rights stop where you infringe upon the rights of other
Your role in the projects precludes your involvement in the competitive project
Your talking interferes with my work!
Youth blossomed into maturity
Yugoslavia broke apart after 1989
Yugoslavian wine
Zairean elections
Zip up your jacket--it's cold
Zuckerman fiddled that song very nicely
Zurich is the center of the German-speaking part of Switzerland
a $10,000 bond was furnished by an alderman
a .22 caliber pistol
a .38 caliber shell
a 10-minute phone call at that rate would cost $5
a 100 mesh screen
a Barbadian vacation
a Benedictine Brother
a Boston brahman
a British term for `quarry' is `stone pit'
a British term is `tup'
a COD parcel
a Cadillac makes a statement about who you are
a Congressional vacancy occurred in the representation from California
a Continental breakfast
a Copernican revolution in modern art
a Daniel come to judgment
a Democrat usually gets the union's endorsement
a Djiboutian storyteller
a Druze is permitted to conform outwardly to the faith of the unbelievers among whom he lives
a Faustian pact with the Devil
a Federal infantryman
a Gallic shrug
a Gilbertian world people with foundlings and changelings
a Grecian robe
a Gypsy fortune-teller
a Hampshire farmer had fowls of different breeds, including Dorkings, and he discriminated ingeniously between the `dark ones' and the `white ones'
a Hollywood actor
a Janus-faced policy
a Janus-faced view of history
a Jewish wedding
a Lippizan is black or brown when born but turns white by the time it is five years old
a Manichaean conflict between good and evil
a Martian year takes 687 of our days
a Mexican Hairless is about the size of a fox terrier and hairless except for a tufts on the head and tail
a Mongolian pony
a Moroccan guestworker in Canada was accused of aiding terrorists
a Nigerian novelist won the Nobel Prize for literature this year
a President is elected every four years
a Protestant denomination
a Pyrrhic victory
a Republican senator
a Roman nose
a Soviet leader of proven shrewdness
a Spartan upbringing
a Stoic achieves happiness by submission to destiny
a Utopian believes in the ultimate perfectibility of man
a Utopian novel
a Western ranch
a babel of inhuman noises
a baby bat...fluffy and weightless as a moth
a baby can be so demanding
a baby's delicate skin
a back-geared lathe
a backhanded and dishonest way of reaching his goal
a backless dress
a backward lover
a backward view
a bacon butty
a bad (or uncollectible) debt
a bad case of the heaves
a bad chess player
a bad cut
a bad earthquake
a bad headache
a bad heart
a bad investment
a bad little boy
a bad reaction to the medicine
a bad recital
a bad report card
a bad storm
a bad telephone connection
a badly stained tablecloth
a baffling problem
a bailable defendant
a bailable offense
a balanced assessment of intellectual and cultural history
a balanced blend of whiskeys
a bald pate
a bald porcine old man
a bald spot
a bald spot on the lawn
a bald-headed gentleman
a baleful look
a balking
a balky customer
a balky mule
a ball of fire
a ball of mud caught him on the shoulder
a ball player thrown for a loss
a ball that is out of play is dead
a ball-hawking center fielder
a ballpark estimate
a balsamic fragrance
a banded rock
a bankrupt company
a banner year for the company
a banquet for the graduating seniors
a bantering tone
a bar mitzvah is an important social event
a bar of chocolate
a barbarous crime
a barbed compliment
a bare blade
a bare hill
a bare livelihood
a bare majority
a bareback rider
a barefaced hypocrite
a barefaced lie
a barely palpable dust
a baritone voice
a bark feeder
a baronial mansion
a barrage of acid comments
a barrage of questions
a barrel of beer is 31 gallons and a barrel of oil is 42 gallons
a barren woman
a barricaded street
a basal reader
a base metal
a base, degrading way of life
a basic course in Russian
a basic fact
a basic story line
a basinful of water
a bass clarinet
a bass voice is lower than a baritone voice
a bastion against corruption
a batch of letters
a bathetic novel
a bathing suit considered indecent by local standards
a battalion of ants
a battered child
a battered old car
a battery-powered radio
a beam draped with cobwebs
a beaming smile
a beamy cargo ship
a bean plot
a beard of biblical proportions
a beard white with eld
a bearer of good tidings
a bearskin-hatted sentry
a beatific smile
a beautiful child
a beautiful figure which she used in subtle movements of unparalleled grace
a beautiful outdoor setting for the wedding
a beautiful painting
a beautiful party
a beautiful theory
a beautifully appointed house
a beauty somehow exempt from the aging process
a becoming new shade of rose
a becoming portrait
a bed with tousled sheets
a bedside stand
a beefy wrestler
a beggar's masquerade of wealth
a beggarly existence in the slums
a being of whom the forest Indians are said to be mortally afraid, with a hoof shaped like the heel of a bottle
a belated birthday card
a belief that the universe is a mechanical contrivance
a belligerent tone
a bellyful of your complaints
a belt of high pressure
a belted dress
a bend in the road
a bend of his elbow
a benefic force
a benefic star
a beneficed clergyman
a beneficiary baron
a benevolent contributor
a benevolent society
a benign smile
a berserk worker smashing windows
a bespectacled grandmother
a best-selling novel
a bestial nature
a beta version
a better chance of success
a better coat
a better type of car
a betting man
a bevy of young beach boys swarmed around him
a bias fold
a biased account of the trial
a bibbed apron
a bible-thumping Southern Baptist
a bibulous evening
a bibulous fellow
a bicameral legislature has two houses
a bicolor flower
a bicolored postage stamp
a bicornuate uterus
a biennial life cycle
a bifid petal
a bifilar suspension of a waving part of an instrument
a biflagellate zoospore
a biform crystal
a big (or large) barn
a big expenditure
a big figure in the movement
a big fish was swimming in the tank
a big group of scientists
a big rich appetent Western city
a big sprawly city
a big stupid lubberly fellow
a big voice
a big wind
a big-ticket government program
a bigeminal pulse
a bigoted person
a bilateral agreement between the United States and Japan
a billiard ball
a billiard cue
a billiard table
a billiard table must be level
a bilobate leaf
a binary compound
a binary digit
a binary star is a system in which two stars revolve around each other
a binding contract
a biochemical profile of blood
a biodegradable detergent
a biography ...appreciative and yet judicial in purpose
a bipara is a woman who has given birth to two children
a bipartite document
a bipolar world with the hookah and Turkish coffee versus hamburgers and Coca Cola
a biracial committee
a bird will not learn its song unless it hears it at an early age
a bird with vivid plumage
a bird's-eye survey
a bit of a bother
a bit of lint
a bit of paper
a bit of rock caught him in the eye
a biting aphorism
a biting wind
a bitter sorrow
a bitter struggle
a black body maintained at a constant temperature is a full radiator at that temperature because the radiation reaching and leaving it must be in equilibrium
a black lie
a black moonless night
a black-and-white TV
a black-and-white cow
a black-and-white spotted cow
a black-edged card
a black-tie dinner
a blackberry is a compound fruit
a blade of lint on his suit
a blame cold winter
a bland diet
a bland little drama
a blank cartridge
a blase attitude about housecleaning
a blatant appeal to vanity
a blazing indiscretion
a bleached blonde
a blessed time
a blighted rose
a blistering pace
a blizzard of lawsuits
a block of attached houses
a blood count
a blood-spattered room
a bloodbath took place when the leaders of the plot surrendered
a bloodless coup
a bloodstained shirt
a bloody fight
a bloody fool
a bloody nose
a blow on the head
a blow-by-blow account of the movie
a blue day
a blue family
a blue flame
a blue movie
a blueprint for a house
a bluff and rugged natural leader
a bluff but pleasant manner
a bluff headland
a blunt New England farmer
a blunt instrument
a boat aground on the beach waiting for the tide to lift it
a boat on a twilit river
a bodacious gossip
a bodiless head
a bodily organ
a body kept trim by exercise
a body of doctrine
a body of law
a body of precedents
a body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon
a bodybuilding freak
a bohemian life style
a boisterous crowd
a bold adventure
a bold asserter
a bold design
a bold speech
a bomb scare led them to evacuate the building
a bombardment of mail complaining about his mistake
a bona fide manuscript
a bona fide offer
a boned (or deboned) fish
a boneless rib roast
a bonelike tumor
a bony process
a bony shad fillet
a bony substance
a book not appropriate for children
a book of inordinate length
a book so serious that it sometimes subsided into ponderousness
a book that is must reading
a book uncharacteristic of its author
a book well worth reading
a book with an annalistic approach
a book with attractive illustrations
a book with its leaves still uncut
a bookish farmer who always had a book in his pocket
a border of annual flowering plants
a boring evening with uninteresting people
a born musician
a born-again Christian
a bosky park leading to a modest yet majestic plaza
a boss hand at carpentry
a bossy way of ordering others around
a botchy piece of work
a bottom-up model of the reading process
a bottomless bar
a bottomless lake
a bottomless pit
a bottomless supply of money
a bouffant skirt
a bouncing baby
a bouncing gait
a bound official
a bountied animal pelt
a bourgeois mentality
a bout of depression
a bout of fever
a bowery lane
a bowfront dresser
a bowfront house
a bowl of hammered brass
a box of chocs
a box of loose nails
a boxy little plane with square unswept wings
a boy so sentient of his surroundings
a boy with carroty hair
a boyish grin
a brackish lagoon
a branch hung low, droopingly
a branch of Congress
a branch of the sewer
a branchy tree trunk
a brash newcomer disputed the age-old rules for admission to the club
a brassbound campaign chest
a breakaway faction
a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history
a breaking away from family and neighborhood
a breakneck pace
a breakthrough may be possible next year
a breathless flight
a briar patch
a bride's white dress
a brief bikini
a brief invitatory note
a brief stay in the country
a bright and unshaded lane
a bright moment in history
a bright spot on a planet
a bright star with a telescopic companion
a bright sunlit room
a brightly lit room
a brilliant but narrow-minded judge
a brilliant man but so practically inept that he needed help to cross the road safely
a brilliant mind
a brilliant performance
a brilliant solution to the problem
a brilliant star
a brimful cup
a brimless hat
a brisk walk in the park
a brittle and calculating woman
a broad is a woman who can throw a mean punch
a broad lawn
a broad movement of the electorate to the right
a broad political stance
a broad river
a broad rule
a broad southern accent
a broad-nibbed pen
a broadband antenna
a broadloom rug
a broadside attack
a broken back is nothing to be casual about; it is no fooling matter
a broken cable transmission
a broken heart languishes here
a broken leg
a broken man
a broken mirror
a broken note
a broken set of encyclopedia
a broken tooth
a broken washing machine
a broken-backed book
a broken-backed old horse
a broken-down fence
a broken-down tractor fit only for children to play on
a broody hen
a bruising experience
a brumous October morning
a brunette beauty
a brush small enough to clean every dental surface
a brutal winter
a bubbly personality
a buccal gland
a budding friendship
a budding genius
a budget deficit that caused automatic spending cuts
a buffalo hide painted with red and black geometric designs
a buffoonish walk
a bug zapper
a building befouled with soot
a building of vast proportions
a bullet went astray and killed a bystander
a bulletproof argument
a bum who is a Central Park fixture
a bumbling mechanic
a bumpy country road
a bunch of trees
a bunch of vapid schoolgirls
a bungled job
a bungling performance
a bungling workman
a bureaucracy...chiefly concerned with turf...and protecting the retirement system
a bureaucratic nightmare
a burned-out picture tube
a burned-over site in the forest
a burnished brass knocker
a burst of applause
a burst of lightning
a business management consultancy
a bustling city
a busy life
a busy man
a busy painting
a busy seaport
a busy street
a butcher is unlikely to preach vegetarianism
a by-election at a time highly unpropitious for the Government
a cabal of conspirators, each more elusive than the archterrorist
a cabbage patch
a cagey avoidance of a definite answer
a cagey lawyer
a calamitous defeat
a calculable risk
a calculated insult
a calibrated thermometer
a calico cat
a callous indifference to suffering
a calyx adnate to the ovary
a camp surrounded by enemies
a campaign redolent of machine politics
a can-do kind of person
a cancerous growth
a candid interview
a candid photograph
a candy sampler
a canonical book of the Christian New Testament
a canonical syllable pattern
a canopied bed
a cantankerous and venomous-tongued old lady
a capable administrator
a capetbag politician
a capillary tube
a capital fellow
a capital idea
a capitalist nation
a capricious refusal
a capricious summer breeze
a caprine strain of virus
a caprine voice
a captain of industry
a captious pedant
a car nut
a car pool
a car stuck in the churned-up mud
a car with a crumpled front end
a car with left-hand drive
a carcinomatous lesion
a card shark
a card-playing son of a bitch
a cardinal perched momently on the dogwood branch
a cardinal rule
a career or vengeance so direful that London was shocked
a careful noticer of details
a carefully analyzed poem can be like a dead butterfly pinned to a board
a carefully laid table with places set for four people
a carefully referenced biography
a careless housekeeper
a carinate sepal
a carpet of flowers
a carpetbag government
a carpetbag stranger
a carrier remains infective without himself showing signs of the disease
a cartilaginous style
a case of steroid-induced weakness
a case of the jitters
a casebook schizophrenic
a cashable check
a cashed check
a castle involved in mist
a casual (or cursory) inspection failed to reveal the house's structural flaws
a casual correspondence with a former teacher
a casual meeting
a casual remark
a cat with retracted claws
a cat's natural aversion to water
a cataclysmic earthquake
a catalyst linearizes polyethylene
a catalytic reformer
a catapultic kind of action
a catastrophic depression
a catcher needs a lot of protective equipment
a catcher plays behind the plate
a catchy question
a catchy title for a movie
a categorical denial
a caterpillar-tracked earthmover
a cathedral church
a catty remark
a causal relationship between scarcity and higher prices
a causeless miracle
a causeless war that never had an aim
a cautious driver
a cavalryman always takes good care of his mount
a caveat against unfair practices
a caveat filed against the probate of a will
a celebrated musician
a celiac diet
a cell phone with internet facility
a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid
a center of manufacturing excellence
a central and contentious element of the book
a central position
a century and one half
a ceramic dish
a cereal beverage
a cerebral approach to the problem
a cerebrovascular accident
a ceremonial occasion
a ceremony commemorating Pearl Harbor
a certain Mrs. Jones
a certain fluidness in his perception of time made him an unpredictable colleague
a certain irreverent gaiety and ease of manner
a certain popular teacher
a certifiable fact
a certified public accountant
a cessation of the thunder
a chain of daisies
a challenging hypothesis
a champion show dog
a chance occurrence
a chancy appeal at best
a change for the better
a change soon put a period to my tranquility
a changeable climate
a channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company
a chanted psalm
a chapel dedicated to the dead of World War II
a chapter of disasters
a charged battery
a charismatic leader
a charitable foundation
a charitable trust
a charming Oriental fluidity of manner
a charming and vivacious hostess
a charming but thoroughly insincere woman
a charming host without any touch of stiffness or pomposity
a charming little cottage
a charming personality
a charnel smell came from the chest filled with dead men's bones
a charred bit of burnt wood
a chartered plane
a chary investor
a chaste border of conventionalized flowers
a chauffeur opened the door of the limousine for the grand lady
a cheap Brummagem imitation
a cheap promotions gimmick for greedy businessmen
a cheap showy rhinestone bracelet
a cheaply dressed woman approached him in the bar
a check on its dependability under stress
a check payable to John Doe
a checkerboard has 64 squares
a checkered business career
a cheerful greeting
a cheerful room
a cheery hello
a cherished friend
a cherubic face
a chest of drawers all scratched underneath
a chestnut horse
a child brimming over with curiosity
a child had a multiple organ transplant two months ago
a child in dirty overalls
a child prone to mischief
a child with intolerably cute mannerisms
a child with skinny freckled legs
a child's allowance should not be too generous
a child's innocent stare
a child's messy eating habits
a childhood that was unhappy and deprived, the family living off charity
a chilly greeting
a chinchilla robe of sybaritic lavishness
a choky collar
a choleric outburst
a choric Greek tragedy
a chorionic villus is a minute vascular projection on the fetal chorion
a chorus of boos
a chromatic scale
a chronic invalid
a chronic shortage of funds
a chronic smoker
a chubby child
a church with a shuttered belfry and spire
a cigarette burn on the edge of the table
a cigarette holder
a cinerary urn
a circle is an ellipse with zero eccentricity
a circle of policemen stood dumbfounded by her denial of having seen the accident
a circle was the embodiment of his concept of life
a circumpolar star
a circumstantial report about the debate
a citrous disease
a city and its satellite communities
a city in which communism and democracy had to live side by side
a city subjected to sporadic bombing raids
a citywide strike
a civil day begins at mean midnight
a claim for treble (or triple) damages
a claim that was wide of the truth
a claim to an estate may be defeasible so long as the claimant is under 21 and unmarried
a clammy handshake
a clamorous uproar
a clanging gong
a clarifying example
a clarion call
a class evenly divided between girls and boys
a class of atypical mosses
a classic car
a classical ballet
a classical scholar
a classless society
a classy dame
a clattery typewriter
a clause in the U.S. constitution prevents sitting legislators from receiving emoluments from their own votes
a claustrophobic little room
a clean (or uninfected) wound
a clean and sunny but completely dowdy room
a clean bill of health
a clean break
a clean driver's license
a clean fight
a clean fuel
a clean getaway
a clean joke
a clean manuscript
a clean page
a clean sweep
a clean test flight
a clean throw
a clean voting record
a clean-cut and well-bred young man
a clear and present danger
a clear case of murder
a clear conscience
a clear explanation
a clear indication that she was angry
a clear path to victory
a clear perfect diamond
a clear profit
a clear view
a clear winner
a clear-cut pattern
a cleared passage through the underbrush
a clearly evident erasure in the manuscript
a cleft stick
a clenched fist
a clergyman improved the tone of the meeting
a clerical job
a clever gadget
a clever wheeze probably succeeded in neutralizing the German espionage threat
a click on the right button for example
a climactic development
a clip-on bow tie
a clipped poodle
a clipped upper-class accent
a close contest
a close election
a close family
a close fit
a close formation of ships
a close friend
a close military haircut
a close resemblance
a close secret
a close study
a close translation
a close weave
a close-knit family
a close-knit homogeneous group
a closed meeting
a closed mind unreceptive to new ideas
a closed porch
a closed shop
a closed-door meeting
a closely-held corporation
a cloudy and confounded philosopher
a cloudy liquid
a clownish face
a club entirely supported by membership dues
a clubbable man
a clubbish set
a clumsy and wasteful process
a clumsy apology
a cluster of admirers
a coal-fired ship
a coarse blubbery individual
a coarse grind of coffee
a coarse weave
a coat impermeable to rain
a coat of seal
a coat of sheared lamb
a coaxing and obsequious voice
a coccoid microorganism
a cocktail party given by some...raffish bachelors
a code of laws
a cogent argument
a cogged wheel
a cognition is an immanent act of mind
a coherent argument
a cohesive agent
a cohesive organization
a coil of rope
a coiled snake ready to strike
a coin-operated telephone
a cold and unaffectionate person
a cold audience
a cold beer
a cold bluish grey
a cold blustery day
a cold climate
a cold impersonal manner
a cold penetrating wind
a cold response to the new play
a cold room
a cold snap in the middle of May
a cold trail
a cold unfriendly nod
a colitis flare
a collage of memories
a collapsible boat
a collar of flowers was placed about the neck of the winning horse
a collect call
a collectible bill
a collection of fine art
a collision of interests
a colorful character
a colorful character in the buttoned-down, dull-grey world of business
a colorful period of history
a colorless and unimaginative person
a colorless description of the parade
a colorless negative personality
a colorless person quite indistinguishable from the colorless mass of humanity
a colossal tsunami destroyed the Minoan civilization in minutes
a column still vertical amid the ruins
a columned portico
a columnlike tree trunk
a comal tuft
a comatose patient
a combative impulse
a comedy series
a comely face
a comfortable salary
a comfortless room
a comic hat
a comical look of surprise
a commanding view of the ocean
a commemorative plaque
a commendable sense of purpose
a commercial attache
a commercial book
a commission is responsible for the accreditation of medical schools
a committed Marxist
a committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours
a committee was appointed to oversee the reorganization of the curriculum
a committee was appointed to recommend terminological standardization
a commodious building suitable for conventions
a commodious harbor
a common (or familiar) complaint
a common brand of soap
a common friend
a common nuisance
a common remedy is uncommonly difficult to find
a common sailor
a common syntax error is to omit a parenthesis
a common-law right
a commotion of people fought for the exits
a communal settlement in which all earnings and food were shared
a compact shopping center
a compact style is brief and pithy
a companionable pet
a companionate dog
a company that has been run behindhand for years
a compartmented box
a compatible married couple
a competent court
a competent job
a competent performance
a competent typist
a compilation of esoteric philosophical theories
a complaining boss
a complete accounting
a complete bleach requires several applications
a complete bleach usually requires several applications
a complete coward
a complete defeat
a complete gentleman
a complete meal
a complete musician
a complete set of china
a complete set of the Britannica
a complete wardrobe
a completed forward pass
a completely furnished toolbox
a completely mad scheme to build a bridge between two mountains
a complex mass of diverse laws and customs
a complex problem requiring a clear head
a complex set of variations based on a simple folk melody
a complexion that had been pastelike was now chalky white
a complicated concatenation of circumstances
a complicated problem
a complimentary remark
a component or constituent element of a system
a comprehensive education
a comprehensive history of the revolution
a comprehensive survey
a comprehensive survey of world affairs
a compressible box
a computer jockey
a computer system provides utility programs to perform the tasks needed by most users
a concealed compartment in his briefcase
a concealed weapon
a conceited fool
a concern with inward reflections
a concern with outward beauty rather than with inward reflections
a concern with what may have happened anciently
a conciliatory visit
a concise explanation
a concrete and datable happening
a concretistic-seeming statement
a condemnatory decree
a condition (or state) of disrepair
a conditioned response
a confessed murderer
a confident reply
a confident speaker
a confidential approach
a confidential mission to London
a confidential secretary
a confining boxed-in space
a confirmed Catholic
a confirmed bachelor
a confirmed invalid
a conflict of loyalties
a confused dream about the end of the world
a confused mass of papers on the desk
a confused puddingheaded, muddleheaded fellow
a confused set of instructions
a confusing jumble of road signs
a confusion of impressions
a congenial atmosphere to work in
a congratulatory telegram
a congregation is a vehicle of group identity
a congregation of children pleaded for his autograph
a conjugated protein
a connate tomato flower
a conscienceless villain
a conscientious decision to speak out about injustice
a conscious effort to speak more slowly
a conscious policy
a consecrated church
a consensual contract
a conservative estimate
a considerable knowledge of philosophical terminology
a considerable quantity
a considered opinion
a consolidated school
a consolidation of two corporations
a consonantal Hebrew text
a consonantal cluster
a conspiratorial whisper
a constant deflation of the desert landscape
a constant fretful stamping of hooves
a constant lover
a constantly moving crowd
a constitutional inability to tell the truth
a constrained smile
a constricted blood vessel
a constricted view of life
a constructive attitude
a constructive philosophy
a consultation of several medical specialists
a consumer-friendly policy
a consummate artist
a consummate fool
a consummate performance
a consummated transaction
a consumptive cough
a consumptive patient
a contagion of mirth
a contagious grin
a contaminated lake
a contented smile
a contentious nature
a contest in Virginia between a cismontane and a tramontane people
a contested election
a contextual definition of `legal duty' might be `X has a legal duty to do Y means that X is required to do Y by a contract relationship that would be upheld in a court of law'
a continuous bout of illness lasting six months
a continuous line has no gaps or breaks in it
a continuous rearrangement of electrons in the solar atoms results in the emission of light
a continuous row of warehouses
a contract advantageous to our country
a contract terminative with the end of the war
a contrary wind
a contribution so small as to be laughable
a contributory factor
a control operation started the data processing
a controlling interest in the firm
a controversial decision on affirmative action
a contumaceous witness is subject to punishment
a convalescent needs uninterrupted sleep
a convenient excuse for not going
a conventional church wedding with the bride in traditional white
a conventional view of the world
a conversation heard through the wall
a convertible coupe
a convertible sofa
a convict still at large
a convinced and fanatical pacifist
a convincing manner
a convincing story
a convivial atmosphere at the reunion
a convolute petal
a convulsive rage
a cool autumn day
a cool breeze
a cool million bucks
a cool reception
a cool room
a cool-headed fighter pilot
a cooling breeze
a cooperative effort
a coordinated policy instead of ad hoc decisions
a coordinated program
a copper-bottomed ship
a copular verb
a cordial abhorrence of waste
a cordial greeting
a cordial handshake
a cordial regard for his visitor's comfort
a corked port
a corner on the silver market
a corporal defect
a corporate bond is a safer investment than common stock in the same company
a correctable image
a correctional institution
a corrigible defect
a corrigible prisoner
a corrupt and incompetent city government
a corrupt text
a cosmological argument is an argument that the universe demands the admission of an adequate external cause which is God
a cosmopolitan herb
a cost-plus government contract
a cost-raising increase in the basic wage rate
a counselor tries not to be faultfinding
a counter may be used to stiffen the material around the heel and to give support to the foot
a counterfeit prince
a country boy
a country in the throes of economic collapse
a country life of arcadian contentment
a countrywide fund-raising campaign
a countywide war on drugs
a couple of indifferent hills to climb
a couple of roses
a course of bricks
a courtly gentleman
a cousin once removed
a cousinly kiss
a covered balcony
a cowled monk
a cozy arrangement with the police
a cozy nook near the fire
a crack shot
a crackle glaze
a craftsman of the written word
a crannied wall
a crapulous old reprobate
a crapulous stomach
a crash programme is needed to create new jobs
a crashing bore
a craven proposal to raise the white flag
a craving for barbaric splendor, for savagery and color and the throb of drums
a crawl was all that the injured man could manage
a crazy scheme
a creaky shack
a crease in his trousers
a creative imagination
a credible witness
a creepy story
a crenelated molding
a crenulate leaf
a cricket bat has a narrow handle and a broad flat end for hitting
a criminal offense
a criminal waste of talent
a crippled soldier
a crippling injury
a crisis unbeknown to me
a crisp retort
a critical analysis of Melville's writings
a critical attitude
a critical dissertation
a critical element of the plan
a critical illness
a critical point in the campaign
a critical reading
a critical shortage of food
a critical temperature of water is 100 degrees C--its boiling point at standard atmospheric pressure
a critical time in the school's history
a crocketed spire
a crook in the path
a cross-cultural survey
a cross-sectional slice
a crosswise street
a crowd assembled at the finish
a crowd of delirious baseball fans
a crowd of dirty-faced ragamuffins surrounded him
a crowd of insects assembled around the flowers
a crowd of sitters and standers
a crowded program
a crowded theater
a crown is emblematic of royalty
a crowned signet ring
a crucial election
a crucial issue for women
a crucial moment in his career
a crude cabin of logs with bark still on them
a crude joke
a cruelly bitter winter
a crushing blow
a crushing rejection
a crusty old man
a cry of rage
a cry to arms
a crying need
a crying shame
a cryptic note
a crystal clear explanation
a crystal may have either one or two optic axes
a cube is a solid figure with six sides
a cubic equation
a cuddlesome baby
a cuddly teddybear
a cultural variety
a cum laude graduate
a cumbersome piece of machinery
a cunning baby
a cup of thinned soup
a cup of warmed milk
a curious child is a teacher's delight
a curious hybrid accent
a curly-coated water spaniel
a curt reply
a curtain of secrecy
a curtain of trees
a curtained alcove
a curvy young woman in a tight dress
a cut horse
a cutaneous infection
a cute kid with pigtails
a cute little apartment
a cutting remark
a cutting wind
a cyborg is a cybernetic organism
a cycle of reprisal and retaliation
a dab of paint
a daily paper
a daily run of 100,000 gallons of paint
a dainty dish to set before a kind
a dainty teacup
a damascened sword
a dancer of exceptional elevation
a danger to all races over the whole circumference of the globe
a dangerous bridge
a dangerous criminal
a dangerous operation
a dank cellar
a dapper young man
a daredevil test pilot having the right stuff
a dark age in the history of education
a dark day
a dark gloomy day
a dark purpose
a dark scowl
a dark-haired beauty
a dark-skinned beauty
a darkened house
a darkling glance
a darkling journey
a dashing hero
a date which will live in infamy
a dateless letter
a day like any other filled with familiar duties and experiences
a day set aside for relaxing
a dazzling and finished piece of writing
a de facto state of war
a dead and ominous silence prevailed
a dead battery
a dead drop avoids the need for an intelligence officer and a spy to be present at the same time
a dead issue
a dead pallor
a dead shot
a dead telephone line
a dead tennis ball
a dead-on feel for characterization
a deadly enemy
a deafening noise
a deal of trouble
a dealer in stolen goods
a dearly-won victory
a deathly pallor
a debased currency
a debonair gentleman
a decadent life of excessive money and no sense of responsibility
a decayed foundation
a decent burial
a decent wage
a decentralized and localized political authority
a decentralized school administration
a decision that was partial to the defendant
a decision unfavorable to the opposition
a declaration of independence
a declared liberal
a declarer of his intentions
a decline in the effective demand
a decrease in the number of automobile fatalities
a decreasing monotonic function
a decrepit bus...its seats held together with friction tape
a dedicated dancer
a deed better left undone
a deep allegory
a deep border
a deep bow
a deep breath
a deep casserole
a deep closet
a deep dark secret
a deep dive
a deep gash
a deep male voice
a deep metaphysical theory
a deep plot
a deep sigh
a deep sigh was wrenched from his chest
a deep space probe
a deep trance
a deep voice
a deep walk-in refrigerator
a deep well
a deep yielding layer of foam rubber
a deep-chested breed of dog
a deep-water port
a deeply planted need
a deeply thoughtful essay
a deer needs to eat twenty pounds of browse every day
a defective appliance
a defendant unadvised of her legal rights
a defenseless child
a defensive formation
a defensive stance
a defiant attitude
a deficient education
a definite amount
a definite drop in attendance
a definite statement of the terms of the will
a definitive verdict
a deflection from his goal
a deft waiter
a defunct Indian tribe
a defunct law
a defunct organization
a deliberate attempt to provoke a response
a deliberative body
a delicate flavor
a delicate violin passage
a delicious joke
a delightful breeziness of manner
a delightful surprise
a delimited frontier through the disputed region
a delinquent account
a delusory pleasure
a deluxe car
a democratic country
a democratic or popular movement
a democratic scorn for bloated dukes and lords
a demon from the depths of the pit
a demonstrable lack of concern for the general welfare
a dense population
a dependable worker
a dependent prince
a deplorable act of violence
a depreciating currency
a derivative process
a description unconformable to previous accounts
a descriptive passage
a desert island
a desert nomad's austere life
a deserving cause
a desiccate romance
a desirable job
a desirable outcome
a desk heaped with books
a despairing view of the world situation
a desperate criminal
a desperate cry for help
a desperate illness
a desperate need for recognition
a despiteful fiend
a destroyer of the environment
a detached garage
a detached part
a detail was sent to remove the fallen trees
a detailed plan
a detailed record on both a chronological and a topical basis
a detectable note of sarcasm
a determinate answer to the problem
a determinate distance
a determinate number
a deuced idiot
a devastating hurricane
a devastating portrait of human folly
a device intended to conserve water
a devious character
a devoted and almost uncritical admirer
a devoted husband and father
a devotional exercise
a dextral flatfish lies with the right eye uppermost
a dextral gastropod shell with the apex upward has its opening on the right when facing the observer
a diabatic process
a diagnostic reading test
a diagnostic sign of yellow fever
a diagonal line across the page
a dialectical and agonistic approach
a diatomic molecule
a dictatorial rule that lasted for the duration of the war
a die-cast seal
a diesel engine is an oil burner
a diet high in protein
a difficult child
a difficult feat performed with casual mastery
a difficult task
a diffuse historical novel
a digestive enzyme
a digression into irrelevant details
a digressive allusion to the day of the week
a diligent (or patient) worker
a diligent detective investigates all clues
a diligent search of the files
a dilute solution
a dim auroral glow
a dim figure in the distance
a dim light beside the bed
a diminished fifth
a dimly lit room
a dip in prices
a diplomat with plenary powers
a dire emergency
a direct approach
a direct descendant of the king
a direct flight
a direct hit
a direct link
a direct question
a direct quotation
a direct response
a direct result of the accident
a direct route
a directed program of study
a directional microphone
a director who takes an active interest in corporate operations
a dirt cheap property
a dirtily dressed camel driver
a dirty (or dingy) white
a dirty (or lousy) trick
a dirty bomb releases enormous amounts of long-lived radioactive fallout
a dirty fighter
a dirty old man
a disadvantageous outcome
a disagreeable and unlikable old woman
a disagreeable old man
a disagreeable situation
a disappointing performance from one who had seemed so promising
a disc jockey
a discernible change in attitude
a discerning critic
a discerning editor
a discerning eye for color
a discerning reader
a disciform skin lesion
a disciplined mind
a disconsolate winter landscape
a discontinued conversation
a discontinued magazine
a discredited politician
a discreet investor
a discreet silence
a discreet, finely wrought gold necklace
a discriminatory tax
a disease of frequent occurrence
a disfigured face
a disgruntled employee planted a logic bomb
a disgusting smell
a dishy blonde
a disingenuous excuse
a disintegration of personality
a disjointed fowl
a disk drive contains a microprocessor to handle the internal functions of the drive
a dislocated knee
a dismissive shrug
a disorderly pile of clothes
a disorganized enterprise
a disparate aggregate of creeds and songs and prayers
a dispirited and divided Party
a dispirited and resigned expression on her face
a display of courage
a display of emotion
a disputatious lawyer
a dispute over niggling details
a disqualified player
a distant and at times discourteous young
a distant cousin
a distant likeness
a distant smile
a distant sound
a distant telephone call
a distant third
a distastefully explicit report on the Royal couple's marital life
a distinct flavor
a distinct odor of turpentine
a distinct outline
a distinction between the verb and noun senses of `conflict' is that in the verb the stress is on the ultimate (or last) syllable
a distinction to which he was unentitled
a distressing coldness of tone and manner
a disturbing amount of crime
a divergent opinion
a diversified musical program ranging from classical to modern
a diversion from the main highway
a diversity of possibilities
a diverting story
a divided highway
a dizzy blonde
a dizzy pinnacle
a dizzying pace
a do-nothing government
a do-or-die conflict
a doctor supervised her reducing
a dog with a curtal tail
a doglike affection
a door flush with the wall
a door-to-door campaign
a dopey answer
a dopey kid
a dormant volcano
a dot-com outfit in San Francisco
a double (binary) star
a double (or dual) role for an actor
a double bed
a double room
a double-barreled shotgun
a double-bedded room
a double-blind procedure is used to guard against both experimenter bias and placebo effects
a double-dealing double agent
a double-dyed villain
a double-faced infernal traitor and schemer
a dour, self-sacrificing life
a dowdy grey outfit
a downbound channel
a downcast glance
a downright answer
a downright kind of person
a downright lie
a dragonfly hovered, vibrating and iridescent
a drain of young talent by emigration
a drain on resources
a drained and apathetic old man...not caring any longer about anything
a drained marsh
a drained tank
a drama festival
a dramatic archaeological discovery
a dramatic entrance in a swirling cape
a dramatic pause
a dramatic rescue at sea
a dramatic soprano
a dramatic sunset
a dramatic tenor
a drawn-out argument
a dreadful storm
a dreamlike quality
a dress a bit too gay for her years
a dress dinner
a dress of brushed cotton
a dress of near satin
a dress of shimmery satin
a dress of traditional cut
a dress too schoolgirlish for office wear
a dress with a crooked hemline
a dress with batwing sleeves
a dress with sparkly sequins
a dried-up water hole
a drier to get the clothes bone dry
a drifting double-dealer
a dripless faucet
a drippy faucet
a driving personal ambition
a droll little man with a quiet tongue-in-cheek kind of humor
a drone is a pilotless aircraft
a drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index
a drop of each sample was analyzed
a drop-off in attendance
a drug for topical (or local) application
a drugged sleep
a drunken binge
a dry Bordeaux
a dry book
a dry climate
a dry climate kind to asthmatics
a dry cough
a dry cow
a dry critique
a dry greeting
a dry lecture filled with trivial details
a dry martini has a large proportion of gin
a dry reading of the lines
a dry river bed
a dry run
a dry state
a dry white burgundy
a duck-billed dinosaur
a dull and brutish man
a dull gaze
a dull glow
a dull job with lazy and unintelligent co-workers
a dull lackluster life
a dull play
a dull political campaign
a dull sky
a dull throbbing
a dull unoiled table
a dull vegetative lifestyle
a dummy corporation
a dumpy little dumpling of a woman
a duplex transaction
a duplicate key
a dusty airless attic
a dusty pile of books
a dutiful child
a dutiful citizen
a dying civilization
a dying fire
a dying man
a dying of old hopes
a dynamic full of life woman
a dynamic market
a dynamic speaker
a euphonious trill of silver laughter
a fabian policy
a fabricated excuse for his absence
a fabulous vacation
a face alive with mischief
a face beaded with sweat
a face black with fury
a face etched with pain
a face in deep shadow
a face livid with shock
a face marked with dried tears
a face rigid with pain
a face scarred by anxiety
a face that expressed a gamut of emotions
a face turned ashen
a face white with rage
a face-saving compromise
a face-to-face encounter
a faceless apparition
a faceted diamond
a facial blemish
a facial massage
a facile hand
a fact worthy of attention
a fact-finding committee
a facultative enactment
a facultative parasite can exist as a parasite or a saprophyte
a fail-safe device in a nuclear weapon to deactivate it automatically in the event of accident
a fail-safe recipe for cheese souffle
a failure traceable to lack of energy
a faint aroma
a faint clue to the origin of the mystery
a faint hissing sound
a faint outline
a fair complexion
a fair fight
a fair referee
a fairish income
a faithful copy of the portrait
a faithful rendering of the observed facts
a falcate leaf
a fall from virtue
a fallen building
a fallen woman
a faller among thieves
a falling market
a falloff in quality
a fallow gold market
a false (or sour) note
a false alarm
a false assumption
a false friend
a false start
a falsetto voice
a famed scientist
a familiar everyday scene
a familiar excuse
a familiar figure
a famous actor
a fan aids air circulation
a fancied wrong
a fanciful mind
a fanciful pattern with intertwined vines and flowers
a fancy tucked shirt
a fancy-free bachelor
a fantastic idea of his own importance
a fantastic trip to the Orient
a far far better thing that I do
a far from peaceful Christmas
a far journey
a far trek
a faraway (or distant) look in her eyes
a farcically inept bungler
a farfetched excuse
a farm with 50 acres of unimproved and 68 acres of improved land
a fascinating story
a fascinating woman
a fashion popular in earlier times
a fashionable cafe
a fast car
a fast lens
a fast road
a fast visit
a fast-paced talker
a fastened seatbelt
a fastidious and incisive intellect
a fat land
a fat rope
a fatal accident
a fatal series of events
a fatalist person
a fateful error
a fattening hog
a favor that cannot be paid back
a favorable balance of payments exists when more payments are coming in than going out
a favorable reply
a favorable time to ask for a raise
a favorite tourist attraction
a fearful glance
a fearful howling
a feast for the eyes
a feast was spread upon the board
a feathered hat
a featherless biped
a featured actor
a featured item at the sale
a febrile reaction caused by an allergen
a fecund imagination
a federal district is one set aside as the seat of the national government
a federal system like that of the United States
a feeble excuse
a feeble old woman
a feeble voice
a feeling akin to terror
a feeling is a simple and undecomposable mental state
a felicitous life
a felicitous speaker
a fellow townsman
a female chorus
a female form in marble--a chilly but ideal medium for depicting abstract virtues
a female heir
a feminine ending
a ferocious beating
a fervent admirer
a fervent desire to change society
a festive (or festal) occasion
a fetching new hairstyle
a feudal or ritualistic society
a feudally organized society
a feudatory relationship
a fevered imagination
a few more wagons than usual
a few remarks added in amplification and defense
a few roses
a few rough sketches
a few spectators standing about
a few stray crumbs
a few superficial editorial changes
a few undomesticated horses left
a few unrehearsed comments
a few weeks ago
a few well-chosen words
a few well-spoken words on civic pride
a few wispy memories of childhood
a fictional character
a fictional treatment of the train robbery
a fictitious address
a fiddling sum of money
a fiducial point
a fiduciary contract
a field guide to mushrooms
a field patched with ice and snow
a fiendish despot
a fierily opinionated book
a fiery desert wind
a fiery temper
a fight broke out at the hockey game
a figment of the imagination
a figural design
a figure carved in bold relief
a figure moving sidewise in the shadows
a figure of $17 was suggested
a filar eyepiece
a file of men ahorseback passed by
a film based on real life
a film that remained unreleased for years
a film with a solemn social message
a film with two-dimensional characters
a filmed documentary
a filming session
a filthy traitor
a financial crunch
a financially struggling theater
a fine distinction
a fine fiery blast against meek conformity
a fine film of oil
a fine gentleman
a fine opera in its own right
a fine striker of the ball
a fine violinist
a fine wine is a perfect complement to the dinner
a fine-looking woman
a fine-toothed comb
a finely chiseled nose
a finer musician
a finer wine
a finicky eater
a finished product
a finished violinist
a fire left unattended
a fire of questionable origin
a firm ally
a firm contract
a firm grasp
a firm mattress
a firm mouth
a firm offer
a firm step
a first novel by an unheard of writer
a first stringer
a first-class mind
a first-rate golfer
a fissionable nucleous
a fit of coughing
a fit of housecleaning
a fit subject for discussion
a fitted overcoat
a fitting symbol of spousal love
a five-degree gradient
a five-pound beef heart will serve six
a fixed and unchangeable part of the germ plasm
a fixed piece of wood
a fixed resistor
a flaccid penis
a flagitious crime
a flash car
a flash of emotion swept over him
a flash sewn on his sleeve indicated the unit he belonged to
a flashy ring
a flat cola
a flat desk
a flat joke
a flat market
a flat refusal
a flat roof
a flat two-dimensional painting
a flat-bottomed boat
a flat-footed refusal
a flatbottom kettle
a flattering color
a flaw caused the crystal to shatter
a flawed diamond
a flawless gemstone
a flea-bitten sofa
a fleck of red
a fledgling enterprise
a fledgling robin
a fledgling skier
a fleecy lining
a fleeting glance
a flexible personality
a flexible wire
a flexure of the colon
a flight destined for New York
a flight of fancy
a flimsy argument
a flimsy table
a flip answer to serious question
a flirt's volatile affections
a floating crap game
a floating kidney
a floaty scarf
a flood of requests
a flooded bathroom
a floorwalker is called a shopwalker in Britain
a floury clay
a flower arrangement
a flower-carpeted hillside
a flowering plant
a flowerless plant
a flowery hat
a flowery speech
a fluid situation fraught with uncertainty
a fluky wind
a flush is five cards in the same suit
a fly-by-night operation
a flyaway coat
a flyblown bar on the edge of town
a flyblown reputation
a fogbound fleet
a fold in the napkin
a foldaway bed
a foliated capital
a folksy radio commentator
a folksy style
a following wind
a fond embrace
a foolish decision
a foolish overvaliant act
a foolproof identification system
a foot high
a footed sofa
a footling gesture
a footloose young man eager to see the big city
a forbidding scowl
a forced landing
a forceful personality
a forceful plan for peace
a forceful speaker
a forceless argument
a foreign accent
a foreign office
a forged twenty dollar bill
a forgiving embrace to the naughty child
a forked river
a forked tail
a forlorn cause
a forlorn scarecrowish figure
a form filled out incompletely
a form-only requirement that is usually ignored
a formal ball
a formal education
a formation of planes
a formative experience
a formative influence
a formative zone in developing bone
a formidable opponent
a forthright approach to the problem
a fortunate choice
a forward child badly in need of discipline
a forward plunge down the stairs
a forward-looking corporation
a foul anchor
a foul odor
a foul pond
a four-handed card game
a four-month stay in bankruptcy court
a four-wheel drive
a fourfold increase in the dosage
a foursquare refusal to yield
a fox kit
a foxy scheme
a fractional share of the vote
a fractious animal that would not submit to the harness
a fragile claim to fame
a fragment of rock
a fragmented coalition
a frail and peccable mortal
a frail craft
a frank courageous heart...triumphed over pain
a frankness unique in literature
a fraternal order
a fraudulent scheme to escape paying taxes
a fraught mother-daughter relationship
a freakish combination of styles
a freakish extra toe
a free choice
a free country
a free electron
a free hour between classes
a free lane
a free locker
a free port
a free translation of the poem
a free-soil state
a freehand drawing
a freehanded host
a freestanding bell tower
a freewill offering
a freeze on hiring
a frenzied attack
a frenzied look in his eye
a frenzied mob
a frequent (or common) error is using the transitive verb `lay' for the intransitive `lie'
a frequent guest
a frequently voiced opinion
a fresh and sanguine complexion
a fresh scent
a fresh sheet of paper
a fresh shirt
a fresh start
a fresh woodsy fragrance
a freshly cleaned floor
a freshman senator
a friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there
a friendly approachable person
a friendly eccentric
a friendly host and hostess
a friendly neighborhood
a frightful crime of decapitation
a frightful mistake
a frigid day
a frigid greeting
a frigid woman
a frisson of surprise shot through him
a frivolous novel
a frivolous remark
a frivolous young woman
a frontal appendage
a frontal attack
a frost advisory
a frosty glass
a frozen look on their faces
a frugal farmer
a frugal lunch
a fruitless search
a frying pan with a nonstick surface
a fugleman for the radical right
a full complement
a full complement of workers
a full game
a full glass
a full life
a full share
a full skirt
a full stomach
a full voice
a full-blown financial crisis
a full-blown rose
a full-dress ceremony
a full-dress debate
a full-dress investigation
a full-dress uniform
a full-fledged lawyer
a full-length portrait
a full-page ad
a full-scale campaign against nuclear power plants
a full-time job
a fully leafed tree
a functional set of brakes
a functioning flashlight
a fund sacred to charity
a fundamental incompatibility between them
a funeral conducted the appropriate solemnity
a funny thing happened on the way to the...
a furious battle
a furious scowl
a furled flag
a furnished apartment
a furry teddy bear
a furtive manner
a fussy design
a futile effort
a futile search for intelligent nightlife
a future-day Gibbon of Macaulay
a gabled roof
a gainly youth with dark hair and eyes
a gallant pageant
a gallant warrior
a gallery quite often is added to make use of space vertically as well as horizontally
a galvanic cell
a galvanometer of extreme sensitivity
a gambling fool
a game leg
a gammy foot
a gangling teenager
a gastrointestinal disorder
a gaudy costume
a gawky lad with long ungainly legs
a gay old rogue with an eye for the ladies
a gay sunny room
a gelatin dessert made in a mold
a general anesthetic
a general description of the merchandise
a general rule
a general state of need exists among the homeless
a general upward movement of fish
a generation ago...buxom actresses were popular
a generous and kindhearted teacher
a generous donation
a generous offer of assistance
a generous portion
a generous tipper
a genial host
a genteel old lady
a gentle breeze
a gentle nocturne
a gentle old horse, docile and obedient
a gentle reprimand
a gentle sensitive nature
a gentle slope
a gentle voice
a gentle, biddable soul
a gently sloping terrain
a genuine Picasso
a genuine dilemma
a genuinely good person
a genuinely open society
a geostationary satellite
a germfree environment
a gesture of defiance
a geyser is an intermittently eruptive hot spring
a ghostly apparition at midnight
a ghostly face at the window
a giddy precipice
a gifted painter but an indifferent actor
a gifted writer
a gigantic redwood
a gilled tadpole
a ginger kitten
a girl's education was less important than a boy's
a glabrous scalp
a glacial handshake
a glad May morning
a glad occasion
a glad smile
a gladsome occasion
a gladsome smile
a glare of sunlight
a glaring error
a glassy stare
a glazed ham
a glib response to a complex question
a glib tongue
a glitter of apprehension in her hunted eyes
a gloomy silence
a glorious spring morning
a glorious sunset
a glorious work of art
a glossy TV series
a glossy-coated foxhound
a glow of regret
a glum, hopeless shrug
a glutted market
a gluttonous appetite for food and praise and pleasure
a gluttonous debauch
a gob of phlegm
a god-fearing and law-abiding people
a godforsaken wilderness crossroads
a godly man
a going concern
a gold carpet
a golden era
a golden voice
a golf addict
a golfer who plays at scratch should be able to achieve par on a course
a good actor communicates on several levels
a good agent for chemical terrorism should be colorless and odorless and inexpensive and readily available and not detectable until symptoms are experienced
a good all-weather road
a good and worthful man
a good boxer needs a good defense
a good check
a good command of French
a good consultant must have a lot of experience in the real world
a good dollar bill
a good dress for the office
a good ear for pitch
a good executive must be good at decision making
a good exterior paint
a good friend
a good grip on French history
a good grounding in mathematics
a good investment
a good joke
a good knife is one good for cutting
a good lead for a job
a good lecture was my father's idea of discipline
a good man to have on your side in a tight situation
a good many
a good mechanic
a good mile from here
a good night's sleep
a good plaza should have a movie house
a good poet is a verbal artist
a good report card
a good secretary
a good sense of timing
a good shot requires good balance and tempo
a good show of looking interested
a good site for the school
a good soak put life back in the wagon
a good sport
a good steady ballplayer
a good time to plant tomatoes
a good wallow in the water
a good-looking man
a good-natured and hospitable man
a goodish wine
a goodly amount
a gorgeous Victorian gown
a gory dagger
a gossip session
a gossipy malevolent old woman
a government friendly to our interests
a government has not the vitality and forcefulness of a living man
a government with three discrete divisions
a graceful but not yet fully perfected literary style
a graceful swingy walk
a graceless production of the play
a grade of B minus
a grade of C plus
a gradual increase in prices
a gradual mixture of cultures
a gradual slack in output
a gradual slope
a graduate student taught sections for the professor's lecture course
a grain of sand
a grain of sugar
a grand purpose
a grandiloquent and boastful manner
a grandparent's natural affection for a grandchild
a granitic fist
a grapey wine
a graphic presentation of the data
a grasping old miser
a grass-fringed stream
a grassroots movement for nuclear disarmament
a grated fireplace
a grateful heart
a gratuitous insult
a gratulatory address
a grave God-fearing man
a grave illness
a grave situation
a gravelly voice
a great assortment of cars was on display
a great capacity for growth
a great concourse of phantasmagoric shadows
a great congregation of birds flew over
a great crisis
a great delay
a great hunter and spiller of blood
a great juicy steak
a great many
a great multitude
a great nurser of pennies
a great observer of human nature
a great ocean liner
a great old oak
a great people--a black people--...injected new meaning and dignity into the veins of civilization
a great sickness of his judgment
a great work of art
a greathearted general
a greatly augmented collection of books
a greatly changed country after the war
a green toad with small black stripes or bars
a green tree
a grey area between clearly legal and strictly illegal
a grey squally morning
a grievous crime
a grievous cry
a grievous fault
a grievous loss
a grievous offense against morality
a grim joke
a grim man loving duty more than humanity
a grim-featured man
a grin on his ugly wholesome face
a grisly murder
a grizzled man with a beaklike nose
a grizzly unshorn beard
a groping effort to understand
a grotesque reflection in the mirror
a grotty little play
a group effort
a group of effete self-professed intellectuals
a group of loud children
a group of politically motivated men
a group of very dissimilar people
a growing divergence of opinion
a growing enterprise must have a bold leader
a growing realization of the risk involved
a grown woman
a growth of hair
a growth of trees
a grudge that remained unfed
a grueling campaign
a gruff reply
a grungy kitchen
a guardian angel
a guided missile
a guiding principle
a guilty look
a gull in poised flight
a gun with a rather uncertain trigger
a gunshot slapped him on the forehead
a guru of genomics
a gushing hydrant
a gushingly prolific writer
a gusty storm with strong sudden rushes of wind
a gutsy red wine
a guttural voice
a hail of bullets
a hail of pebbles
a hair straightener
a hairy caterpillar
a halal kitchen
a halcyon atmosphere
a half brother
a half chicken
a half-and-half mixture
a half-length portrait
a halfhearted effort
a hall with more seats
a halo of smoke
a halt in the arms race
a hand-held computer
a hand-knitted sweater
a hand-to-mouth existence
a handed, tree-living animal
a handle attachable by two bolts
a handless war veteran
a hands-down victory
a hands-off foreign policy
a handsome allowance
a handsome man with a clipped moustache
a handy gadget
a haphazard plan of action
a hapless victim
a happy marriage
a happy medium
a happy outcome
a happy readiness of conversation
a happy smile
a happy turn of phrase
a hard bargainer
a hard but seasonable frost
a hard drinker
a hard hitter
a hard left to the chin
a hard theory to put into practice
a hard-fought primary
a hard-hitting advertising campaign
a hard-hitting expose
a hard-line policy
a hard-nosed labor leader
a hardheaded appraisal of our position
a harried expression
a harsh and unlovable old tyrant
a harsh penalty
a harvest of love
a hat with a diaphanous veil
a hateful thing to do
a haunted house
a haunting elusive odor
a head of cauliflower
a head of lettuce
a head of steam
a head-on collision
a head-on confrontation
a head-to-head conversation
a headache unaccompanied by other symptoms
a headcounter counts heads
a headed column
a headfirst plunge down the stairs
a headful of lice
a headful of tight curls
a headlong dive into the pool
a headlong rush to sell
a healthful climate
a healthful environment
a healthy baby born at full term
a healthy diet
a healthy economy
a healthy fear of rattlesnakes
a healthy full-term baby
a heart big enough to hold no grudges
a heart condition
a heart-to-heart talk
a hearty (or healthy) appetite
a hearty glow of health
a hearty meal
a hearty welcome
a heat source
a heat wave
a heated argument
a heated hydraulic press was required for adhesion
a heated swimming pool
a heating pad is calefactory
a heaven-sent rain saved the crops
a heavenly body
a heavily constructed car
a heavily wooded tract
a heavy blow
a heavy chap who must have weighed more than twenty stone
a heavy coat
a heavy cruiser
a heavy fine
a heavy grade
a heavy heart
a heavy line
a heavy load
a heavy pudding
a heavy schedule
a heavy silence
a heavy sky
a heavy sleep
a heavy truck
a heavy-duty detergent
a heavy-laden cart
a hedonic thrill
a hefty athlete
a hefty dictionary
a hefty six-footer with a rather severe mien
a helter-skelter kind of existence with never a pause
a hematic crisis
a hematic cyst
a herald chosen for his sonorous voice
a herculean task
a heritage of freedom
a hermit chooses to live solitarily
a heroic figure
a heterologous graft
a hi-fi system
a hibernating bear
a hick town
a hidden cave
a hidden message
a hidden room or place of concealment such as a priest hole
a hideous pattern of injustice
a hideous scar
a high forehead
a high incline
a high level of biodiversity is desirable
a high level of care is required
a high liver
a high mountain
a high price
a high temperature
a high-backed sofa
a high-crowned hat
a high-fidelity recording
a high-level corporate briefing
a high-level official
a high-necked blouse
a high-octane marketing plan
a high-octane sales manager
a high-performance car
a high-pitched roof
a high-powered microscope
a high-pressure salesman
a high-resolution lens
a high-sounding dissertation on the means to attain social revolution
a high-speed food processor
a high-stepping horse
a high-toned restaurant
a high-velocity shell
a high-voltage generator
a high-voltage theatrical entrepreneur
a highbrowed literary critic
a highly derivative prose style
a highly infective organism
a highly maneuverable ship
a highly mobile face
a highly motivated child can learn almost anything
a highly paintable landscape
a highly sensitive explosive is easily exploded by a shock
a highly suburbanized city
a highway full of wrecked cars
a hiker encumbered with a heavy backpack
a hinny has a gentler disposition than a mule
a hint mockery in her manner
a hiplength jacket
a hipped roof has sloping ends rather than gables
a hired gun
a historical character
a historical perspective
a history book sui generis
a history of France
a history of insubordinate behavior
a ho-hum speaker who couldn't capture their attention
a holdover from the sixties
a hole-and-corner life in some obscure community
a hollow person
a hollow roundel
a hollow tree
a hollow victory
a hollow wall
a holographic will
a holy woman innocent and chaste
a home for the elderly
a home game
a home life that has been extraordinarily squally
a homeless tramp
a homeless was found murdered in Central Park
a homely child
a homey little inn
a homicidal rage
a homing beacon
a homologous tissue graft
a hook-and-ladder company
a hope that progressed from possibility to actuality
a hopeful new singer on Broadway
a hopped-up jalopy
a horizontal surface
a hormonal imbalance
a horse broken to the saddle
a horse with a short bristly mane
a horse-drawn carriage
a hospitable act
a hospitable environment
a hostile climate
a hostile nation
a hostile remark
a hostile witness can be asked leading questions and cross-examined
a hot August day
a hot argument
a hot car
a hot drummer
a hot engagement
a hot forehead
a hot laboratory
a hot languorous afternoon
a hot love affair
a hot new book
a hot scent
a hot southerly wind
a hot sports car
a hot stuffy room
a hot suspect
a hot temper
a hot topic
a hot week on the stock market
a hot wire
a hotdog with the works
a hotel with echoing halls
a hotheaded commander
a hotheaded decision
a house aglow with lights
a house built of hewn logs
a house full of light-haired children
a house full of snot-nosed kids
a house of unhewn grey stone roughly cemented together
a house of weathered shingles
a house set on a hilltop
a house that is beautifully appointed
a house with a good foundation underneath
a house with a separate garage
a house with children and pets and toys always underfoot
a hovel unblessed with electricity or running water
a howling success
a huddle of frightened women
a huge bank of earth
a huge ice mass
a huge prison battue was ordered
a huge wave
a hulking figure of a man
a human being is a social animal
a humane education
a humane physician
a humble apology
a humble cottage
a humdinger of a secretary
a humdrum existence; all work and no play
a hunk of bread
a hurried job
a hurried trip to the store
a hydric habitat
a hyperactive child
a hyperbolic style
a jaunty optimist
a jaunty red hat
a jazz-classical crossover album
a jealous lover
a jeering crowd
a jeremiad against any form of government
a jerkwater college
a jester dressed in motley
a jittery ride
a job requiring nice measurements with a micrometer
a job temperamentally unsympathetic to him
a joint identity
a joint session of Congress
a joint venture between the film companies to produce TV shows
a joke that was incongruous with polite conversation
a journalist should be a dispassionate reporter of fact
a jovial old gentleman
a joy to behold
a joyful heart
a joyful occasion
a joyless man
a joyless occasion
a judge who is broad-minded but even-handed
a judge's ethics should be unexceptionable
a judgmental error
a judicial decision
a juicy contract
a juicy scandal
a jumbo jet
a jump in attendance
a junior sports league
a just and lasting peace
a just cause
a just reward
a kamikaze pilot
a keen blade
a keen musical sense
a keenly analytic man
a kernel of corn
a key factor in her success
a key pressure point in the controversy was the building permit
a keyed instrument
a keyless lock operated by a series of pushbuttons
a killing joke
a kilogram is approximately 2.2 pounds
a kind and apprehensive friend
a kind and just man
a kind master
a kind of sibylline book with ready and infallible answers to questions
a kind of speculation that was permissible in cosmology but inadmissible in medicine
a kind of splendiferous native simplicity
a kind untroubled face
a kindled fire
a kindly act
a kindly climate
a kindly forgiving nature
a king-size bed
a kitchen full of useless gadgets
a kitchen of moderate size
a kitchen wallah
a kite too delicate to fly safely
a kitten with one paw outstretched
a knife sharpener
a knobbed stick
a knock-down blow
a knock-down-and-drag-out fight
a knockabout old car
a knockabout overcoat
a knockout punch
a knotty problem
a knowing act of fraud
a knowing collector of rare books
a knowledgeable audience
a knowledgeable critic
a known criminal
a known quantity
a kosher kitchen
a labor-intensive industry
a labored style of debating
a labyrinthine network of tortuous footpaths
a laciniate leaf
a lack of solemnity is not necessarily a lack of seriousness
a lackadaisical attempt
a lacy gown
a lacy leaf
a lake of tranquil blue water reflecting a tranquil blue sky
a lame argument
a lamentable decision
a land bridge over which man and beasts could have crossed dry-shod
a land line can be wire or fiber optics or microwave
a land of make-believe
a land of silver (or silvern) rivers where the salmon leap
a landlocked country
a landscape of blurred outlines
a languid mood
a languid wave of the hand
a lanky kid transformed almost overnight into a handsome young man
a lanky scarecrow of a man with withered face and lantern jaws
a lapidarian record
a lapse of three weeks between letters
a lapsed Catholic
a large Praetorian bureaucracy filled with ambitious...and often sycophantic people makes work and makes trouble
a large abstract painting
a large and generous spirit
a large but wieldy book
a large city
a large diffuse organization
a large dull impassive man
a large effect
a large family
a large gushing female
a large hall filled with rows of desks
a large heart
a large intermixture of sand
a large number of newspapers
a large room volumed with ancient books
a large suburban community...fringed by an industrial area
a large sum
a large sympathy
a large turnout for the meeting
a large-hearted mentor
a large-scale attack on AIDS is needed
a large-scale farming operation
a last resort
a last-ditch attempt
a lasting relationship
a late development
a late movie
a latent fingerprint
a later symptom of the disease
a laudatory remark
a laundry truck stops by every week
a lavish buffet
a law weighted in favor of landlords
a lax rope
a lay opinion as to the cause of the disease
a lazy bum
a lazy no-count, good-for-nothing goldbrick
a leaden conversation
a leaden weight
a leader in the mold of her predecessors
a leading sports figure in his own right
a league of disunited nations
a leaky defense system
a leaky roof
a lean budget
a lean year
a lean, swarthy fellow was peering through the window, grinning impudently
a leap of 10 feet
a leap year is an intercalary year
a learned jurist
a lecherous gleam in his eye
a lecherous good-for-nothing
a leeward tide is dangerous for small boats
a left-handed compliment
a legal pass receiver
a legato passage
a legitimate government
a legless man in a wheelchair
a length of chain, item a hook
a length of timber
a length of tubing
a lengthy hospital stay
a lengthy visit from her mother-in-law
a leopard's spots
a lesser-known but no less skillful composer
a lethal injection
a letter of admonition about the dangers of immorality
a letter shot through with the writer's personality
a letter-perfect rendition of the soliloquy
a leveraged buyout by upper management can be used to combat hostile takeover bids
a liberal backer of the arts
a liberal newspaper
a liberal political complexion
a liberated lifestyle
a library catalog is metadata because it describes publications
a lidless container
a liege subject
a life characterized by thriftlessness and waste
a life consecrated to science
a life devoted to poetry
a life essentially purposeless
a life of enforced inactivity
a life of hardship
a life of luxury and ease
a life unenlivened by romance
a life-and-death struggle
a life-size sculpture
a life-threatening disease
a lifeless body
a lifeless planet
a lifelike portrait
a lifelike pose
a lifelong friend
a lifetime of meritorious service
a light accent
a light breeze
a light comedy
a light diet
a light eater
a light heart
a light lilting voice like a silver bell
a light load
a light pound
a light sentence
a light sleeper
a light smoker
a light truck
a light-armed brigade
a light-colored powder
a light-duty detergent
a light-fingered burglar who can crack the combination of a bank vault
a light-footed girl
a lighted cigarette
a lightsome buoyant step
a lightweight fabric
a lightweight intellect
a likely place for a restaurant
a likely result
a likely topic for investigation
a lilliputian chest of drawers
a lily-white movement which would expel Negroes from the organization
a limber imagination
a limited circle of friends
a limited circle of like minds
a limited list of choices
a limited success
a limiter introduces amplitude distortion
a limitless supply of money
a limousine is one of the fringe benefits of the job
a limp caused by a malformed foot
a limp gesture as if waving away all desire to know
a line of people hopeful of obtaining tickets
a linear measurement
a lined skirt
a lingually diverse population
a linguistic atlas
a lion rampant
a lipped bowl
a liquid seeks its own level
a list of approved candidates
a list of articles pertinent to the discussion
a lit firecracker
a litany of failures
a literal depiction of the scene before him
a literal solitude like a desert
a literal translation
a literary style
a litigious and acrimonious spirit
a little (or small) group
a little (or small) matter
a little church with a squat tower
a little deliberation would have deterred them
a little dining room
a little hope remained
a little house
a little less posh but every bit as stylish as Lord Peter Wimsey
a little man
a little man obedient to his wife
a little masterpiece of low-keyed eloquence
a little oldish misshapen stooping woman
a little shower of rose petals
a little voice
a live ball is one in play
a live bomb
a live canary
a live concert hall
a live issue
a live television program
a live volcano
a live wire
a liveborn baby
a lively discussion
a lively gait
a lively party
a lively period in history
a lively tennis ball
a liver in cities
a living language
a load of bunglesome paraphernalia
a loaded gun
a loaded question
a loaf of cheese
a loathsome disease
a lobate tongue
a lobster mold
a local bus line
a local motion keepeth bodies integral
a local point of view
a locally based business
a locker that usually contained paper, ink, and suchlike equipment
a lofty aspirant
a logical mind
a lone wolf
a lonely crossroads
a lonely existence
a lonely fisherman stood on a tuft of gravel
a lonely soul
a lonely ungregarious person
a lonely way of life
a lonesome pine
a long and circuitous journey by train and boat
a long and glorious career
a long and happy marriage
a long and indecisive war
a long beard, raggedly cut
a long boring speech
a long distance
a long due promotion
a long friendship
a long game
a long life
a long position in gold
a long record of crimes
a long road
a long scrawny neck
a long snowy winter
a long time
a long whispered conversation
a long, smooth stride
a long-billed cap
a long-distance call
a long-distance freight train
a long-distance operator
a long-distance runner
a long-distance transmission line
a long-familiar face
a long-lasting friendship
a long-standing friendship
a long-suffering and uncomplaining wife
a long-term investment
a longer for money
a longitudinal study of twins
a longtime friend
a look of outraged disbelief
a look of triumph
a loose ball
a loose interpretation of what she had been told
a loose organization of the local farmers
a loose tongue
a loose weave
a loose-fitting blouse is comfortable in hot weather
a loose-jointed paragraph
a looseleaf notebook
a loosely knit group
a lop-eared hound
a lost battle
a lost child
a lost generation
a lost prize
a lost ship
a lot of money
a lot of people are out of work
a lotion for dry skin
a lotion that is effective in cases of prickly heat
a louche nightclub
a lousy play
a louvered door
a love that sprang up from friendship
a loveless childhood
a loveless marriage
a low bow
a low desolate wail
a low moved in over night bringing sleet and snow
a low murmur
a low stunt to pull
a low-birth-weight infant is at risk for developing lack of oxygen during labor
a low-budget menu
a low-budget movie
a low-cal diet
a low-cut neckline
a low-down sneak
a low-level job
a low-level strafing run
a low-lying desert
a low-pitched roof
a low-pitched wobbling sound
a low-powered engine
a low-pressure campaign
a low-pressure salesman
a lowly corporal
a lowly parish priest
a lucid moment in his madness
a lucid thinker
a lucky escape
a lucky guess
a lucky man
a lucky stiff
a luculent oration
a lucullan feast
a lump of coal
a lurid life
a lurid sunset
a lusterless performance
a lying traitorous insurrectionist
a lyric soprano
a machine designed for bimanual operation
a machine-gun nest
a mackerel sky filled with rows of clouds
a mad whirl of pleasure
a magazine oriented towards young people
a magical spell
a magistrate determined that there was probable cause to search the house
a magna cum laude graduate
a magnanimous conqueror
a magnet is surrounded by a configured field
a magnetic personality
a magnificently timbered old barn
a maidenly blush
a major artist
a major break with tradition
a major contribution
a major earthquake
a major hurricane
a major illness
a major improvement
a major misunderstanding
a major overhaul of the healthcare system was proposed
a major portion (a majority) of the population
a major portion of the winnings
a major role
a maladjusted carburetor
a maladjusted child
a maladroit movement of his hand caused the car to swerve
a maladroit translation
a male holly tree
a male infant
a malefic force
a malfunctioning valve
a malign lesion
a mammoth multinational corporation
a mammoth ship
a man actuated by unworthy desired
a man admired for the depth of his perception
a man broken by the terrible experience of near-death
a man constant in adherence to his ideals
a man distinguished by the largeness and scope of his views
a man given to large talk
a man in a tattered shirt
a man of a solitary disposition
a man of action
a man of advanced age
a man of caution
a man of discernment
a man of distrustful nature
a man of energy and commitment
a man of experience
a man of godlike sagacity
a man of granite
a man of great exactitude
a man of great resourcefulness
a man of great stature
a man of honor
a man of inflexible purpose
a man of intellectual refinement
a man of many desires
a man of principle
a man of quality
a man of resource
a man of sound character
a man of statesmanlike judgment
a man of unbendable perseverence
a man of unusual ability
a man of unusual decisiveness
a man patient of distractions
a man who had gone mad
a man who has earned high regard
a man who wishes to make a particular woman fall in love with him
a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps
a man with a mule got my car unstuck
a man with gingery hair and bright blue eyes
a man with greyish hair
a man-sized job
a man-sized piece of cake
a man...feels it a peculiar insult to be taunted with cowardice by a woman
a manager who rode roughshod over all opposition
a mangy carpet
a mangy old fur coat
a maniacal frenzy
a manic state
a manifestation of disease
a manifestation of great emotion
a manned earth satellite was considered a necessary research step
a mannish stride
a manual transmission
a manure-scented barnyard
a manuscript of uncertain origin
a many-sided personality
a many-sided subject
a marginal subaquatic flora
a marginal victory
a marine habitat
a maritime province
a marked man
a marriage of ideas
a married couple
a married couple from Chicago
a married couple without love
a married man
a marshy coastline
a marvelous collection of rare books
a masculine cadence
a mass of knotted string
a mass of molten rock
a mass roundup of suspects
a massive increase in oil prices
a master of the violin
a master switch
a masterful speaker
a masterly performance of the sonata
a mat of weeds and grass
a material impervious to water
a material witness
a mathematical certainty
a mathematical solution to a problem
a mathematical textbook
a mathematical whiz
a matter of particular and unusual importance
a matter-of-fact (or pragmatic) approach to the problem
a matter-of-fact account of the trip
a mature cell
a maxidress
a meal enlivened by the music
a mealymouthed politician
a mean hut
a mean person
a meaning look
a meaningful discussion
a meaningful explanation
a meaningful pause
a meaningless endeavor
a meaningless life
a means of control
a meanspirited man unwilling to forgive
a measly tip
a measurable figure in literature
a meaty discussion
a mechanical process
a mechanical toy
a mechanism of social control
a mechanistic universe
a mechanized factory
a medical inhibition of alcoholic beverages
a medical student
a medieval attitude toward dating
a mellow conversation
a mellow port
a mellowness of light and shade not attainable in marble
a melodramatic account of two perilous days at sea
a member in good standing
a member of a religious order
a member of his own faith contradicted him
a member of the faculty
a memorandum to those concerned
a memory and the CPU form the central part of a computer to which peripherals are attached
a mendacious child
a mendacious statement
a mental case
a mental patient
a mephistophelian glint in his eye
a mercenary enterprise
a merciful god
a merciless critic
a mere caption unworthy of a reply
a mere child
a mere dream, neither substantial nor practical
a mere formality
a mere parrotlike word-calling process
a mere ribbon of land
a mere wisp of a girl
a merely verbal writer who sacrifices content to sound
a meretricious argument
a meretricious yet stylish book
a merited success
a merry blithesome nature
a merry chase
a merry evening
a meshed road system
a mess of porridge
a message of hope for suffering humanity
a metacentric chromosome
a metal pervious to heat
a metal screen protected the observers
a metal stamper
a metallic compound
a metaphorical expression
a meteoric rise to fame
a methodical scholar
a meticulous craftsman
a miasma of cigar smoke
a microprocessor functions as the central processing unit of a microcomputer
a mid-June wedding
a midwestern city
a mild fever
a mild rebuke
a mild winter storm
a military bearing
a military buildup in preparation for the invasion
a milky opalescent (or opaline) luster
a mimetic dance
a mimosa's leaves are sensitive to touch
a mince of mushrooms
a mind befogged with drink
a mind clouded by sorrow
a mind dry of new ideas
a mind grown torpid in old age
a mind like a steel trap
a mind not gifted to discover truth but tenacious to hold it
a mind so innovational, so original
a mind-blowing horror story
a mind-boggling display
a mind-boggling puzzle
a miner's begrimed face
a mini dress
a miniature camera
a minimal charge for the service
a ministering angel
a minor disturbance
a minor official
a minor poet
a minor share of the profits
a minor tropical disturbance
a minor, insignificant bureaucrat
a minuscule amount of rain fell
a minuscule kitchen
a minute inspection of the grounds
a miotic drug
a miracle that anyone survived in the telescoped cars
a mirthful experience
a mirthful laugh
a miscellaneous crowd
a mischievous but lovable child
a misleading similarity
a missing person
a mistake that could easily have ended in disaster
a mistaken belief
a mistaken view of the situation
a misunderstood criticism
a misunderstood question
a mixed neighborhood
a mixed program of baroque and contemporary music
a mob of hysterical vigilantes
a mobile missile system
a model of clarity
a moderate eater
a moderate estimate
a moderate fine
a moderate grade of intelligence
a moderate income
a moderate penalty
a modern economical heating system
a modest apartment
a modest man of the people
a modest neckline in her dress covered her up to her collarbone
a modest salary
a modification of last year's model
a moist breeze
a moldy (or musty) odor
a moment of extraordinary poignancy
a momentary glimpse
a momentous event
a monarch has a duty to his subjects
a monarch...regarded as a god incarnate
a moneyless economy
a moneymaking business
a monkey's prehensile tail
a monolingual dictionary
a monolithic society
a monolithic worldwide movement
a monopoly on silver
a monster of remorseless cruelty
a month behind in the rent
a monthlong stay in the hospital
a monumental scale
a moody and uncheerful person
a moonless planet
a moral lesson
a moral life
a moral quandary
a moral scrutiny
a moral victory
a morbid growth
a more clement judge reduced the sentence
a more closely integrated economic and political system
a more swaggering mood than usual
a moribund patient
a morning hour sacred to study
a morose and unsociable manner
a morsel of paper was all he needed
a mortal illness
a most disagreeable looking character
a most haphazard system of record keeping
a most persuasive speaker
a most welcome relief
a motive force
a motley crew
a motor-assisted bicycle
a motorized wheelchair
a mountainous dark man
a mouse takes much more room than a trackball
a mousy brownish-grey color
a movie is a series of images projected so rapidly that the eye integrates them
a movie with a bittersweet ending
a moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject
a mucky stable
a mucoid substance
a mud feeder
a mule is a cross between a horse and a donkey
a multicultural event
a multidimensional personality
a multidimensional phase space
a multidimensional proposition
a multifaceted undertaking
a multilingual nation
a multilingual translator
a multinational operation
a multiple-choice test
a multipurpose tool
a multiracial society
a multitude of TV antennas
a mummified body was found
a municipal park
a munificent gift
a murine plague
a murky dungeon
a murmur of acquiescence from the assembly
a murmurous brook
a muscular boxer
a musical comedy
a musical evening
a musical salute to the composer on his birthday
a musical speaking voice
a musician known throughout the world
a mussy fussy bedroom
a mustache dosed with bear grease
a mustard plaster is calefacient
a mutable foreign policy
a mutable substance
a mutant gene
a mute appeal
a mutinous speech
a mysterious alchemy brought them together
a name unfamiliar to most
a nanocephalic dwarf
a narcotic speech
a narrow bridge
a narrow escape
a narrow knifelike profile
a narrow line across the page
a narrow scrutiny
a narrow thread of concentrated ore
a narrow victory
a narrowed view of the world
a nascent insurgency
a nasty accident
a nasty pigsty of a room
a nasty problem
a nasty shock
a nasty smell
a nasty trick to pull
a nasty unsporting serve
a nasty zizz in the engine
a nation's balance of trade is favorable when its exports exceed its imports
a national landmark
a national trait
a nationally uniform culture
a native Scot
a native-born Scot
a natural conclusion follows thence
a natural easiness of manner
a natural leader
a natural pearl
a natural reaction
a natural scale
a natural sweetener
a natural underivative poet
a naughty boy
a naughty wink
a nauseating smell
a navigable channel
a near hit by the bomb
a near likeness
a neat room
a neat sports car
a neat tailored suit
a neatly faced terrace
a neatly made bed
a neatly tied bundle
a necromantic sorcerer
a nectarous drink
a negative evaluation
a negative number
a negative outlook on life
a negative reaction to an advertising campaign
a neglected child
a negotiable road
a neighborhood gang with a relatively unstructured system
a nervous addict
a nervous thoroughbred
a nervy thing to say
a nest of snipers
a nest of thieves
a network army of software programmers contribute free software to those who want it
a network of canals
a network that looks like a star can have the logical topology of a bus
a neutral observer
a neutral personality that made no impression whatever
a new and troubling thought
a new and virile leadership
a new budget of unaccustomed austerity
a new comet
a new council was installed under the direction of the king
a new friend
a new generation of unveiled women in Iran
a new issue of stamps
a new law
a new release from the London Symphony Orchestra
a new strain of microorganisms
a new theory is the most prominent feature of the book
a new year
a newborn infant
a newly activated unit
a newly arranged hairdo
a news junkie
a news reporter has to have a good Rolodex
a news roundup
a newspaper with a modest circulation
a newsy letter
a nice bit of craft
a nice day
a nice dress
a nice face
a nice fat job
a nice gesture
a nice girl
a nice guy
a nice lady at the library helped me
a nice line of shoes
a nice little job
a nice shot
a nicely kempt beard
a nicely painted house
a nickel bag of drugs
a nickel deck of heroin
a nickel-and-dime job
a nickel-and-dime operation run out of a single rented room
a niggardly tip
a night aflare with fireworks
a night bloomer
a night of bacchanalian revelry
a night of exceeding darkness
a night of shallow fretful sleep
a nightlong vigil
a nightmare population of gaunt men and skeletal boys
a nipping wind
a nippy cheese
a nippy fall day
a no-good check
a no-hit game
a no-hit pitcher
a no-win situation
a noble and lofty concept
a noble gas such as helium or neon
a noble spirit
a noble tenderhearted creature who sympathizes with all the human race
a noble tree
a nociceptive spinal reflex
a noisy cafeteria
a noisy crowd of intoxicated sailors
a noisy sweater
a nominal lists of priests
a noncaloric drink
a nondenominational church
a nondescript novel
a nonelective office
a nonexplosive fuel
a nonharmonic note
a nonindustrial society
a nonionic substance
a nonpsychoactive pain reliever
a nonracial reason for the peremptory challenge of the juror
a nonsensical jumble of words
a nonslip surface
a nonspatial continuum
a nonstandard dialect is one used by uneducated speakers or socially disfavored groups
a nonstandard text
a nonstop flight to Atlanta
a nonterritorial species
a nonunion contractor
a nonverbal intelligence test
a nonvolatile acid
a northern snowstorm
a not felicitously chosen word
a notable historian
a notable increase in the crime rate
a note of biting irony and studied insult
a note payable on demand
a noteworthy advance in cancer research
a noteworthy fact is that her students rarely complain
a notice of sale
a noticeable lack of friendliness
a notifiable disease
a notional figure of cost helps in determining production costs
a notional response to the question
a notorious gangster
a novel application of electronics to medical diagnosis
a novel of almost mythic consequence
a novel of average merit
a novel told in burbly panting tones
a novel with a contrived ending
a novel with flat celluloid characters
a novel with one-dimensional characters
a nub of coal
a nuclear freeze
a nuclear holocaust
a nude model
a nudist colony
a nugatory law
a number 13 shoe
a number of corresponding diagonal points
a number of factors determined the outcome
a numeral adjective
a numeric symbol
a numinous wood
a nutty sherry
a one-armed veteran
a one-candidate pro forma election
a one-handed backetball shot
a one-humped camel
a one-man show
a one-night stand
a one-person tent
a one-piece garment
a one-way ticket
a p-n junction has marked rectifying characteristics
a pack of feral dogs
a pack of thieves
a packed theater
a padded chair was one of the room's few comforts
a paid announcement
a paid check
a paid official
a painful performance
a painless solution to the problem
a painting typical of the Impressionist school
a pair of posts marked the goal
a palace guardsman stiff as a poker
a palatable solution to the problem
a palatial yacht
a pale rendition of the aria
a pale sun
a palely entertaining show
a pallid performance
a pallid sky
a palmy time for stockbrokers
a palpable lie
a palpable tumor
a paltry wage
a pandemic outbreak of malaria
a pang of conscience
a panicled inflorescence
a panoptic aerial photograph of the missile base
a panoptic stain used in microscopy
a panoptic study of Soviet nationality
a panoramic view
a par-5 hole
a parade of strollers on the mall
a parade of witnesses
a parent severe to the pitch of hostility
a parliamentary body
a parlous journey on stormy seas
a paroxysm of giggling
a part-time job
a partial description of the suspect
a partial dose
a partial eclipse
a partial monopoly
a partially obstructed passageway
a partible estate
a particolored dress
a particular bird, exactly and tersely described in the book of birds
a particular description of the room
a particularistic-seeming statement
a particularly gruesome attack
a partitive construction
a parturient heifer
a pass play
a passage capable of misinterpretation
a passage for solo clarinet
a passage of apostrophic grandeur
a passing fancy
a passing glance
a passing grade
a past that was scarcely savory
a pastoral economy
a pastoral letter
a pat reply
a patch of bad weather
a patch of clouds
a patchy essay
a paternal aunt
a path hewn through the underbrush
a pathological liar
a pathological urge to succeed
a patient smile
a patina of frost
a patina of good breeding
a patrician nose
a patrilineal society
a patron of the arts should have deep pockets
a pattern for a skirt
a paying job
a peaceful nation
a peacekeeping force
a peacock's eyed feathers
a peasant, dark, lean-faced, wind-inured
a peculiar bond of sympathy between them
a peculiar hobby of stuffing and mounting bats
a peculiarly French phenomenon
a pedestrian movie plot
a pedunculate barnacle is attached to the substrate by a fleshy foot or stalk
a pedunculate flower
a peer in his own right
a peerless scholar
a peg-legged man
a pell-mell dash for the train
a pellucid brook
a pelting of insults
a penal offense
a pencil with a sharp point
a penciled sketch
a pendant bunch of grapes
a penetrable wall
a penetrating odor
a penny-pinching miserly old man
a pensionable employee
a perceived difference in temperature
a perceived threat
a perceptible limp
a perceptible sense of expectation in the court
a perceptive eye
a perceptive observation
a percipient author
a peremptory decree
a perfect circle
a perfect day
a perfect idiot
a perfect reproduction
a perfect specimen
a perfectly idiotic idea
a perfectly natural explanation
a perfectly normal child
a perforated eardrum
a perforated steel plate
a perforation of the eardrum
a performance of great elan and sophistication
a perilous voyage across the Atlantic in a small boat
a perinatologist cared for her during the puerperium
a period marked by adversities
a period of settled weather
a peripeteia swiftly turns a routine sequence of events into a story worth telling
a peripheral interest
a perky little widow in her 70s
a permissible tax deduction
a perpetual motion machine would have to be frictionless
a persistent campaign of mockery by the satirical fortnightly magazine
a persnickety job
a persnickety school teacher
a person can have several residences
a person in the public eye
a person is blind to the extent that he must devise alternative techniques to do efficiently those things he would do with sight if he had normal vision
a person of broad cultural interests
a person of considerable account
a person of diverse talents
a person of hot blood
a person of importance
a person of unflagging conscience
a person struck by a log as it was thrown onto a road could maintain trespass against the thrower but one who was hurt by stumbling over it could maintain and action on the case
a person unacquainted with our customs
a person who is algid is marked by prostration and has cold clammy skin and low blood pressure
a person with old-fashioned values
a person's appropriation of property belonging to another is dishonest
a person-to-person interview
a personal God
a personal appearance is an appearance by a person in the flesh
a personal favor
a personal, experiential reality
a personality inventory is a direct test of personality, as contrasted with a projective test
a perspicuous argument
a persuasive argument
a perverse mood
a perverted sense of loyalty
a perverted translation of the poem
a pesky mosquito
a pestilential malignancy in the air
a petticoated table
a petty argument about semantics
a petulant blase air
a phallic cult
a phallic symbol
a phantasmal presence in the room
a phase of supernormal excitability
a philanthropic society
a philosophic attitude toward life
a phlegmatic...and certainly undemonstrative man
a phlegmy discharge
a photograph is a translation of a scene onto a two-dimensional surface
a photograph with a matte finish
a phylogenetically primitive part of the brain
a physical manifestation
a piano has a greater range than the human voice
a piano was in one corner of the room
a picaresque hero
a picnic is out because of the weather
a pictographic script
a picture lit sideways
a picture of St. George and the slain dragon
a picturesque description of the rainforest
a picturesque village
a piebald horse
a piece of pie
a pile of boards sticking over the end of his truck
a pile of unironed laundry
a pineapple is a multiple fruit
a pinhead is the head of a pin
a pink-collar employee
a pinnately compound leaf
a pipeline runs from the wells to the seaport
a piquant face with large appealing eyes
a piquant wit
a piscatory life
a pitched rather than a flat roof
a pitiful fate
a pivotal event
a place in my heart
a place of potency in the state
a place perfectly accordant with man's nature
a place setting of sterling flatware
a place where the company of others must be accepted with good grace
a place where the requisites of water fuel and fodder can be obtained
a place with the rurality of a turnip field
a placid everyday scene
a plague of bloodsucking insects
a plague of grasshoppers
a plaguey newfangled safety catch
a plain blue suit
a plain girl with a freckled face
a plain hair style
a plain rectangular brick building
a plainspoken country doctor
a plan abstract and conceptional
a plan fleshed out with statistics and details
a plan for seating guests
a plan incongruous with reason
a plane surface
a plane took off with a tremendous noise
a planetary vagabond
a plant having antrorse hairs on the stem
a plausible excuse
a plausible liar
a play dealing seriously with the question of divorce
a play full of scintillating dialogue
a play with a sobersided social message
a playable lie in golf
a played out deck of cards
a player with ball in hand must play from the balk
a playground vocal with the shouts and laughter of children
a playwright specializing in tragicomic drama
a pleasant bucolic scene
a pleasant countenance
a pleasant scene
a pleasing aroma
a pleasing piece of news
a pleasing sensation
a plenary session of the legislature
a plenteous grape harvest
a plentiful year
a pliant nature
a pliant young tree
a plication on her blouse
a plot of great ingenuity
a plucked chicken
a plume of smoke
a plumed helmet
a plummy leading role
a pluralistic culture
a plurality of religions
a plus (or positive) factor
a plus value
a pocket-size country
a poem by an unknown author
a poem or essay may be typical of its period in idea or ideal content
a poet could not but be gay, in such a jocund company
a poet with a keen ear for demotic rhythms
a poetic romance
a point is defined by its coordinates
a point of information
a point of view gradually coming into being
a point-blank accusation
a point-blank shot
a pointed allusion to what was going on
a pointed critique
a pointless remark
a polar air mass
a polar principal
a policeman who was incorrupt and incorruptible
a policy of open-eyed awareness
a policy of planned obsolescence
a policy that is destructive to the economy
a politic decision
a politic manager
a politic old scoundrel
a political gesture
a political machine
a political plum
a political system with no place for the less prominent groups
a politician coy about his intentions
a politician keeps changing his policies
a politician who is well known
a politician whose recall of names was as remarkable as his recognition of faces
a pollster conducts public opinion polls
a polyglot Bible contains versions in different languages
a polyglot traveler
a polygon with re-entrant angles
a polymeric compound
a polymorphic species
a polymorphous god
a polynomial expression
a polyploid cell
a polyploid species
a polyvalent vaccine
a pompous speech
a pond with a hayfield beyond
a ponderous burden
a ponderous speech
a ponderous stone
a ponderous yawn
a poor excuse for an automobile
a poor land
a poor salary
a poor shooter
a poor sport
a poor wayfaring stranger
a popular girl
a popular tourist attraction
a porose hymenium
a portable outboard motor
a portable television set
a portal typically has search engines and free email and chat rooms etc.
a posh restaurant
a position of unchallengeable supremacy
a positive attitude
a positive benefit
a positive demand
a positive pregnancy test
a positively directed vector
a possessive parent
a poster advertised the coming attractions
a posteriori demonstration
a posthumous award
a posthumous book
a posthumous daughter
a postmortem examination to determine cause of death
a postmortem examination to determine the cause of death
a potent cup of tea
a potent toxin
a potential problem
a potluck supper
a potted version of a novel
a powder-puff football game
a powdery blue
a power broker who does you a favor will expect you to return it
a power failure temporarily darkened the town
a power-driven hand tool
a powerful argument
a powerful bomb
a practicable solution
a practical failure
a practical knowledge of Japanese
a practical police force with true inquisitorial talents
a practiced marksman
a precarious truce
a precise image
a precise measurement
a precise mind
a precocious achievement
a precocious child
a preconceived notion
a predacious kind of animal--the early geological gangster
a predatory bird
a predatory, insensate society in which innocence and decency can prove fatal
a predilection for expensive cars
a preeminent archeologist
a preemptive business offer
a prefab structure
a prefectural museum
a preferential shop gives priority or advantage to union members in hiring or promoting
a prefrontal bone
a prejudiced judge
a preliminary draft
a preliminary investigation
a premature infant
a premature judgment
a premeditated crime
a preoccupied frown
a prepared statement
a preponderance of evidence against the defendant
a preposterous attempt to turn back the pages of history
a preprandial drink
a prescription drug
a preset plan of action
a prestigious author
a prestigious professor at a prestigious university
a preteen party
a pretended interest
a pretentious country house
a pretentious fraud
a pretentious scholarly edition
a pretty kettle of fish
a pretty mess
a pretty pass
a previously unquestioned attitude
a price war
a pricey restaurant
a priest unhampered by scruple
a prima facie case of murder
a primary effect
a primary instinct
a primary interest
a prime ingredient of public speaking is projection of the voice
a primitive frog with unwebbed toes
a primitive unifacial flint tool
a princely bearing
a princely sum
a principled person
a prison term
a prisoner held incommunicado
a prissy and emotionless creature...settles into a mold of desiccated snobbery
a private club
a private office sacred to the President
a private place
a private secretary
a privately financed campaign
a privilege granted only to him
a privileged statement
a privy place to rest and think
a prizewinning wine
a pro vote
a probing inquiry
a problem and the solution thereof
a problem consisting of two separate issues
a problem of the first magnitude
a problematic situation at home
a procedural violation
a process of rational inference
a prodigious storm
a prodigious vision
a product of lime and nitric acid
a productive collaboration
a productive vineyard
a professed philosopher
a profession of Christianity
a profession of disagreement
a professional cook
a professional field such as law
a proficient engineer
a profound book
a profound insight
a profound mind
a profound sigh
a profound silence
a program of pianism
a program specifically for teenagers
a program with a sunset provision
a project distinguishable into four stages of progress
a projectile force
a projectile missile
a prolate spheroid is generated by revolving an ellipse about its major axis
a prolific pear tree
a prolific writer
a prolix lecturer telling you more than you want to know
a prolonged and bitter struggle
a prolonged black line across the page
a prolonged dogfight over their rival bids for the contract
a prominent citizen
a prominent green line in the spectrum of the auroras is called the `auroral line'
a prominent vascularity
a promising young man
a promotion long overdue
a prompt reply
a pronounceable group of letters
a pronounced flavor of cinnamon
a properly balanced symphony orchestra
a properly indifferent jury
a prophylactic drug
a propitious alignment of planets for space exploration
a prosaic and unimaginative essay
a prose statement of fact is unidimensional, its value being measured wholly in terms of its truth
a prospective bride
a prospective mother
a prospectus should contain the facts that an investor needs to make an informed decision
a prosperous family
a prosperous moment to make a decision
a prosperous new business
a protecting alibi
a protective covering
a protective mother
a protectorate has frequently been a first step to annexation
a protruding acromegalic jaw
a proud moment
a proud name
a proven liar
a provident father plans for his children's education
a providential recovery
a providential visitation
a provisional government
a provisory clause
a provocative remark
a provocative smile
a provoking delay at the airport
a prudent manager
a pseudo esthete
a psychedelic experience
a psychedelic painting
a psychogenic disorder
a psychological profile of serial killers
a public desensitized by continuous television coverage of atrocities
a public force is necessary to give security to the rights of citizens
a public image is as fragile as Humpty Dumpty
a public nuisance offends the public at large
a public scandal
a public-spirited citizen
a pug-nosed boy with freckles
a pugilistic career
a pump not dissimilar to those once found on every farm
a punctured balloon
a puny physique
a purblind oligarchy that flatly refused to see that history was condemning it to the dustbin
a purchasable senator
a purely social club
a purgatory of drug abuse
a purse of simulated alligator hide
a purse snatcher
a pursuer of truth
a purulent wound
a pushful insurance agent
a put-on childish voice
a puzzling statement
a pyknic practical joke
a pyrotechnic wit
a quack doctor
a quaint sense of humor
a quaking bog
a quality affirmable of every member of the family
a quality family
a quantum computer can factor the number 15
a quarantined animal
a quarter after 4 o'clock
a quarter of a pound
a quasi contract
a quasi success
a quaternary compound
a queen-sized bed
a queerly inscribed sheet of paper
a quest for diamonds
a quest for wealth
a question arose
a questionable reputation
a quick and certain remedy
a quick inspection
a quick mind
a quick temper
a quick-change artist
a quickset hawthorn hedge
a quickset of a vine planted in a vineyard
a quicksilver character, cool and willful at one moment, utterly fragile the next
a quiescent tumor
a quiet and peaceable person
a quiet audience at the concert
a quiet indrawn man
a quiet inoffensive man
a quiet life
a quiet reprimand
a quiet sedate nature
a quiet studious child
a quiet throng of onlookers
a quiet, unobtrusive life of self-denial
a quotable slogan
a quotation mark is sometimes called an inverted comma
a race against hail or cold rains or some other elemental catastrophe
a race of long gaunt men
a rachitic patient
a racially integrated business concern
a racy literary style
a radiant sunrise
a radical flaw in the plan
a radical verb form
a radio-controlled airplane
a raftered ceiling
a ragged blue line
a ragged tramp
a raging battle
a raging thirst
a raging toothache
a raiding party
a railroad network
a rain of bullets
a rainless month
a raised design
a raising of the land resulting from volcanic activity
a rallying cry
a rambling argument that lacked any consistency
a rambling discursive book
a rambling speech about this and that
a rampant growth of weeds
a ramshackle antediluvian tenement
a ramshackle old pier
a ranch hand
a random choice
a range of earthlike colors
a rank cigar
a rank outsider
a rapacious appetite
a rapacious divorcee on the prowl
a rapid movement
a rapid rise through the ranks
a rare appearance
a rare incommutable skill
a rare skill
a rare word
a rare work, today almost inaccessible
a rash attempt to climb Mount Everest
a rash of bank robberies
a rash symptomatic of scarlet fever
a ratcheting lopping tool
a rather aggressive and dominating character
a rational analysis
a rattling good yarn
a ratty old overcoat
a raucous party
a raunchy novel
a ravaging illness
a ravelled story
a ravenous boy
a raving lunatic
a ravishing blonde
a raw deal
a raw drizzing rain
a raw wound
a rawboned cow hand
a razor-backed horse
a reader-friendly novel
a ready source of cash
a ready wit
a ready-made jacket
a real character
a real cop would get physical
a real dogfight for third place
a real estate bubble
a real friend
a real honest-to-god live cowboy
a real illness
a real woman
a realistic appraisal of our chances
a realistic description
a realistic novel
a realistic system of thought
a realistic view of the possibilities
a really enjoyable evening
a rearward glance
a rearward movement
a reasonless brute
a rebellious crew
a receipt slip
a received moral idea
a recent acquisition by the museum
a recent addition to the house
a recent issue of the journal
a rechargeable battery
a reckless driver
a recognized authority
a reconstructed feminist
a record-breaking high jump
a recreational area with a pool and ball fields
a recrudescence of racism
a recrudescence of the symptoms
a rectangular Cartesian coordinate system
a rectangular figure twice as long as it is wide
a rectifier of prejudices
a red-hot line drive
a red-hot mama
a red-hot speech
a redeemable coupon
a redeemable sinner
a redemptive theory about life
a reed is the vibrator that produces the sound
a reflecting microscope
a reflective surface
a reflex knee jerk
a reflex response to physical stimuli
a reformed drunkard
a refractory case of acne
a refractory child
a refreshing inoffensive stimulant
a refrigerant substance such as ice or solid carbon dioxide
a refrigerated truck
a refrigerator full of spoilt food
a refulgent sunset
a refund therefor
a regally appropriate representative
a regenerate sinner
a regional dialect
a registered Percheron
a registered hospital
a registered pharmacist
a regular beat
a regular customer
a regular electrical outlet
a regular morass of details
a regular nincompoop
a regular polygon
a regular right-down bad 'un
a regulatory gene
a rehearsal will be held the day before the wedding
a relative stranger
a relatively unimportant feature of the system
a relaxant drug
a relaxed and informal discussion
a relaxed environment well-disposed to the appreciation of good food and fine wine
a relaxed informal manner
a reliable source of information
a reliable true-blue country club conservative
a relief pitcher took over in the top of the fifth
a reliever of anxiety
a religious man
a reluctance to commit himself
a reluctant smile
a remarkable achievement
a remarkable degree of frankness
a remarkable exhibition of musicianship
a remarkable muscularity of style
a remarkable show of skill
a remarkable sight
a remarkably attractive young man
a remediable setback
a remedial reading course
a remittent fever
a remote contingency
a remote possibility
a remote relative
a removable cord
a remunerative business
a renewable lease
a renowned painter
a rental car
a reorganized business
a representative modern play
a repressive regime
a repulsive force
a repulsive mask
a reputable business
a reputable scientist
a reputable wine
a reputation as yet unestablished
a reserve supply of food
a reservoir of talent
a residential college
a residential hotel
a residential quarter
a residential requirement for the doctorate
a resistible attack
a resolute and unshakeable faith
a resolvable quarrel
a resonant voice
a respectable sum
a respectable woman
a respected family
a respectful glance
a response so curt as to be almost rude
a responsible adult
a responsible borrower
a responsible position
a restaurant unpatronized by the elite
a resting adult has a cardiac output of about three quarts a minute
a restless child
a restless mobile society
a restless night
a restless wakeful night
a retentive mind
a reticulated highway system
a retiring member of the board
a retrousse nose
a revealing glance
a revelation that was most perturbing
a revenant ghost
a reverberant room
a reversible cell
a reversible chemical reaction
a reversible decision is one that can be appealed or vacated
a reversible jacket
a revised edition
a revitalized economy
a revitalized inner-city neighborhood
a revival of a neglected play by Moliere
a revocable order
a revoltingly gross expletive
a revolutionary discovery
a revolutionary junta
a reward incommensurate with his effort
a rewarding career as a paramedic
a ribbon of sand between the angry sea and the placid bay
a rich and wellborn husband
a rich buttery cake
a rich collection of antiques
a rich display
a rich gas mixture
a rich red
a rich ruby port
a rich supply
a rich tenor voice
a rich throaty voice
a rich vein of copper
a rich winy taste
a rickety table
a right angle
a right fine day
a right is not something that somebody gives you; it is something that nobody can take away
a right-angled bend
a right-hand glove
a right-hand turn
a right-handed batter
a rightful inheritance
a rigid disciplinarian
a rigid strip of metal
a ring of ships in the harbor
a ringed wife
a ripe mind
a ripe old age
a rise in crime symptomatic of social breakdown
a rise in interest rates is often contemporaneous with an increase in inflation
a rise in the cost of living reflects the rate of inflation
a rising market
a rising tide of popular interest
a rising trend
a rising young politician
a risque story
a ritual dance of Haiti
a river two miles broad
a roan horse
a robust body
a robust claret
a robust faith
a robust perennial
a robust tale
a robustious group of teenagers
a roguish grin
a romantic adventure
a romantic disregard for money
a romantic moonlight ride
a roof that hangs over
a room of smiling faces
a room that is light when the shutters are open
a room with a sloping ceiling
a roomy but sparsely furnished apartment
a rootless wanderer
a ropey performance
a rosy future
a rosy healthy baby
a rough answer
a rough draft
a rough guess
a rough idea how long it would take
a rough ride
a rough splintery floor of old pine boards
a rough-and-tumble fight
a rough-textured tweed
a round of golf takes about 4 hours
a round red twinkly Santa Claus
a roundabout paragraph
a roundabout route avoided rush-hour traffic
a roundtable on the future of computing
a rousing sermon
a row of burned houses
a row of chairs
a row of points
a row of sparkly cheerleaders
a royal family living in unpretentious domesticity
a royal visit
a rubber check
a rubber-tipped cane
a ruddy complexion
a rugged competitive examination
a rugged outdoorsy life
a ruinous course of action
a ruinous war
a rumpled unmade bed
a run-down neighborhood
a run-down watch
a running engine
a running joke among us
a running start
a runup in interest rates
a rush job
a rushy marsh
a rusty machine
a saber-toothed tiger
a sabre slammed fearsomely through the thicket in all directions
a sack of maggoty apricots
a sad drizzly day
a sad expression
a safe bet
a safe place
a safe trip
a safe-deposit box usually requires two keys to open it
a sailor short but well-set
a saintly concern for his fellow men
a saline substance 
a sally into the wide world beyond his home
a salt apology
a sample for ten days free trial
a sampler of French poets
a sanative environment of mountains and fresh air
a sanitary washroom
a sapiential government
a satellite TV channel
a satiable appetite
a satiable thirst
a satisfied customer
a saturated solution
a saturnine, almost misanthropic young genius
a savage people
a savage slap
a saved soul
a sawed-off broomstick
a sawed-off shotgun
a scabrous novel
a scandal that darkened the family's good name
a scant cup of sugar
a scanty harvest
a scapose column
a scapose stalk
a scar-marked face
a scarf was tied round her head but the rebellious curl had escaped and hung damply over her left eye
a scary movie
a scene of unusual beauty
a scenic but devious route
a scentless stretch of rocky ground
a scheming gold digger
a scheming wife
a schmaltzy song
a scholar of great eminence
a scholarly attitude
a scholarly treatise
a school devoted entirely to the needs of problem children
a school of small glittering fish swam by
a school year
a schoolgirl fantasy
a scientific approach
a scientific hypothesis that survives experimental testing becomes a scientific theory
a scion of royal stock
a sclerotic patient
a score were sent out but only one returned
a scoreless inning
a scraggly little path to the door
a scrambled plan of action
a scrappy admiral
a screaming farce
a screaming rage
a screen of trees afforded privacy
a screwball proposal without a prayer of working
a scummy rabble
a scurvy trick
a seahorse assurgent
a sealed driveway
a sealed move in chess
a seamed face
a searching investigation of their past dealings
a seasonable time for discussion
a seasonal rise in unemployment
a seasoned traveler
a secluded romantic spot
a second coat of paint
a second degree burn
a second stringer
a second-class citizen
a second-string pitcher
a secondary infection
a secondary issue
a secondary source
a secondhand account of a memory of something once read
a secondhand report
a secret agent
a secret alcoholic
a secret bride
a secret formula
a secret garden
a secret key or password is required for decryption
a secret marriage
a secret passage
a secret passageway provided communication between the two rooms
a secretarial pool
a secretory cell
a sectarian mind
a section of a fishing rod
a sectional sofa
a sectional view
a sectorial box
a secure foundation
a secure hold on her wrist
a secure investment
a secure telephone connection
a seduction on my part would land us with the necessity to rise, bathe and dress, chat falsely about this and that, and emerge into the rest of the evening as though nothing had happened
a seeded breadfruit
a seeded lawn
a seedy district
a seemingly endless round of social functions
a seething flag-waving crowd filled the streets
a seething liquid
a seething mass of maggots
a segment of an orange
a segregated neighborhood
a segregated school system
a self freed from the bondage of time
a self-activating sprinkler system
a self-appointed guardian of public morals
a self-confessed plagiarist
a self-enclosed Jewish cosmos
a self-indulgent...way of looking at life
a self-made millionaire
a self-propelled egotist
a self-propelled vehicle
a self-starter extraordinaire
a self-sufficing economic unit
a self-winding watch
a selfish and designing nation obsessed with the dark schemes of European intrigue
a semiarid region with little annual rainfall
a semiautobiographical novel
a semidetached house
a semimonthly publication
a semiskilled job
a semisolid mixture
a sensation of touch
a sensational concert--one never to be forgotten
a sense of danger
a sense of happiness
a sense of predestinate inevitability about it
a sense of security
a sense of self
a sensed presence in the room raised goosebumps on her arms
a senseless act
a senseless, causeless murder
a sensible choice
a sensible odor
a sensible person
a sensible young man
a sensitive and empathetic school counselor
a sensitive colloid is readily coagulated
a sensitive voltmeter
a sensual delight in eating
a sentry station
a separated shoulder
a septic environment
a septic sore throat
a septicemic temperature curve
a sequestered jury
a serene autumnal mood
a serene expression on her face
a serial killer
a series of coincident events
a series of death struggles with small time in between
a series of dreary dinner parties
a series of independent judgments
a seriocomic novel
a serious attempt to learn to ski
a serious book
a serious loss of business
a serious student of history
a serious turn of events
a serious wound
a serious young man
a serous exudate
a serpentine wall
a serviceable kitchen gadget
a set of basic tools
a set of books
a set of golf clubs
a set of teeth
a set of well-defined values
a settee with only one curvy end
a severe blow
a severe case of flu
a severe case of pneumonia
a severe worldwide depression
a severed head
a severely impaired heart
a sewer of fine gowns
a sexual spore is formed after the fusion of gametes
a sexy book
a shabbily dressed man
a shadow over his happiness
a shady deal
a shady part of town
a shady sylvan glade
a shaggy beard
a shakedown by the police uncovered the drugs
a shakedown cruise
a shaker of traditional beliefs
a shaky marriage
a shallow closet
a shallow cut
a shallow dish
a shallow-draft river boat
a shameful display of cowardice
a shameless imposter
a shaped handgrip
a shapeless hat on his head
a shapeless mass
a shapeless mass of protoplasm
a shared interest in philately
a sharp blow
a sharp blow to the head can be disorienting
a sharp drop
a sharp drop in the stock market
a sharp knife
a sharp pain
a sharp photographic image
a sharp-worded exchange
a sharpened knife cuts more cleanly
a sharpened pencil
a sheer descent of rock
a sheet of ice
a sheltered harbor
a shiftless student
a shining example
a ship aground offshore
a ship equipped with every mechanical aid to navigation
a ship in distress
a ship sailing large
a ship's bottom sheathed in copper
a shoddily built house
a shopping mall would instill a spirit of modernity into this village
a short and compendious book
a short flaky pie crust
a short flight
a short holiday
a short life
a short memory
a short sale
a short smokestack
a short story
a short toss
a short view of the problem
a short-haired dog
a short-order cook
a short-range policy
a short-range shot
a short-term lease
a shortage of adoptable babies
a shot rang out
a shoveler of coal
a show of impatience
a shower of protest was heard from the rear of the hall
a shower uses less water
a shrewd and politic reply
a shrewish wife
a shrill gaiety
a shrill turquoise
a shrill whistle
a shrill yet sweet tenuity of voice
a shrinkable fabric
a shrub of spreading habit
a shrunken old man
a shy retiring girl
a shy unassertive person
a sickening sanctimonious smile
a sickening stench
a sickly child
a sidearm pitch
a sidecar is a smooth drink but it has a powerful kick
a signal too loud to be erasable in a single pass through the erase head
a signed letter
a significant and praiseworthy increase in computer intelligence
a significant change in tax laws
a significant change in the Constitution
a significant contribution
a significant silence
a silence pregnant with suspense
a silent curse
a silent dog whistle
a silent house
a silent stolid creature who took it all as a matter of course
a silk-lined jacket
a silklike fabric
a silly idea
a simile has at least two layers of meaning
a simple country schoolhouse
a simple design
a simple game
a simple harmony written in major thirds
a simple man with simple tastes
a simple problem
a simple rectangular brick building
a simple substance
a simple-minded argument
a simplex word has no affixes and is not part of a compound--like `boy' compared with `boyish' or `house' compared with `houseboat'
a simplistic theory of the universe
a simulation should imitate the internal processes and not merely the results of the thing being simulated
a sinful person
a singer takes good care of his voice
a single bed
a single chicken was scratching forlornly in the yard
a single devotion to duty
a single legal code for all
a single lens
a single serving
a single survivor
a single thickness
a single-bladed leaf
a single-breasted jacket
a single-handed accomplishment
a singsong manner of speaking
a singular example
a sinister smile
a sinistral flatfish lies with the left eye uppermost
a sinistral gastropod shell with the apex upward has its opening on the left when facing the observer
a sink full of unwashed dishes
a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach
a site approachable from a branch of the Niger
a sitting target
a six-storied building
a sizable fortune
a sizzling spell of weather
a sizzling steak
a skeptical approach to the nature of miracles
a skeptical attitude
a skeptical listener
a sketchy account
a skilled reconstruction of her damaged elbow
a skilled surgeon has many years of training and experience
a skilled trade
a skimpily dressed woman
a skimpy allowance
a skin condition
a skunk's aposematic coloration
a sky full of stars
a sky luminous with stars
a slack grip
a slack rope
a slam-bang collision
a slangy expression
a slashed doublet
a slate-roofed house
a slave to cocaine
a slave to fashion
a slavish copy of the original
a slavish yes-man to the party bosses
a sleepy-eyed child with drooping eyelids
a sleeveless errand
a slender pole
a slenderly built woman
a slew of journalists
a slice of bread
a slice of the company's revenue
a slick advertising campaign
a slick commercial
a slick evasive answer
a slighting remark
a slim chance of winning
a slim girl with straight blonde hair
a slim straight-backed dancer
a slim waist and shapely legs
a slimy little liar
a slimy substance covered the rocks
a slippery bar of soap
a sloppy floor
a sloppy room
a sloppy saucer
a slouchy sweater
a slow flat-footed walk
a slow sad susurrous rustle like the wind fingering the pines
a slow walker
a sluggish market
a sluggish stream
a sluggish worker
a slumberous June morning
a slummy part of town
a sly double meaning
a small business
a small car
a small child's imaginary friends
a small knot of women listened to his sermon
a small misty rain
a small mom-and-pop business
a small noisy dog
a small painting by Picasso
a small ruly beard
a small surplus
a small token in admiration of your works
a small tormented schoolboy
a small unfledged sparrow on the window sill
a small upturned nose
a small-scale model
a small-time actor
a smart businessman
a smart new dress
a smartly managed business
a smell of chemicals in the air
a smile on his swarthy face
a smile taken as consent
a smokeless environment
a smoking fireplace
a smoky corridor
a smoky fireplace
a smoldering fire
a smooth channel crossing
a smooth ingratiating manner
a smooth ride
a smooth road
a smooth tabletop
a smooth-faced boy of 14 years
a smooth-tongued hypocrite
a smothered cough
a smug glow of self-congratulation
a snag can provide food and a habitat for insects and birds
a snake is a limbless reptile
a snappish tone of voice
a snappy pace
a snazzy outfit
a sneak attack
a sneaking suspicion
a snorter of a sermon
a snotty little scion of a degenerate family
a snotty nose
a snub nose
a snub-nosed automatic
a snug harbor
a snug hideout
a snug house
a snug little apartment
a snug little sailboat
a so-so golfer
a soapy consistency
a sociable conversation
a sociable gathering
a sociable occasion
a social cup of coffee
a social director
a social gathering that became rambunctious and out of hand
a social gossip colum
a soft (or light) tapping at the window
a soft breeze
a soft job
a soft silvern voice
a soft susurrus of conversation
a soft-spoken person
a softhearted judge
a sold-out politician
a soldier manned the entrance post
a soldier must be prepared to kill his enemies
a solemn promise
a solicitation to the king for relief
a solid base hit
a solid block of wood
a solid foundation
a solid line across the page
a solid oak table
a solid voting bloc
a solidly built house
a solitary instance of cowardice
a solitary mounter of the staircase
a solitary retreat
a solitary speck in the sky
a solitary traveler
a solitary walk
a solvent unsuitable for use on wood surfaces
a somatic symptom or somatic illness
a somber mood
a somewhat dog-eared duke...a bit run down
a song...never conceived of as severable from the melody
a sonic agglomerator
a sonic boom
a sonic boom follows an aircraft as a wake follows a ship
a sonic wave
a soothing ointment for her sunburn
a sooty chimney
a sophisticated audience
a sophisticated book
a sophisticated design
a sophisticated drama
a sophisticated electronic control system
a sophisticated lifestyle
a sopranino recorder
a sordid political campaign
a sorrowful tale of death and despair
a sorry excuse
a sorry horse
a sorry state of affairs
a sort of unofficial mayor
a soughing wind in the pines
a sound and dreamless sleep
a sound approach to the problem
a sound argument
a sound economy
a sound foundation
a sound mind in a sound body
a sound sleeper
a sound thrashing
a sound timber
a sound title to the property
a sound wave causes periodic rarefactions in its medium
a soundproof room
a soupy fog
a sour temper
a source of carbon dioxide
a source of valuable insights and sapient advice to educators
a southbound train
a southern exposure
a sovereign state
a spacious ballroom
a spacious view
a spaniel with floppy ears
a spanking breeze
a spanking breeze is a boon to sailors
a spare diet
a spare tire
a sparge of warm water over the malt
a sparing father and a spending son
a spark of decency
a spark of interest
a spartan diet
a spartan existence
a spastic child
a spastic colon
a speaking part in the play
a special (or specific) role in the mission
a special adviser to the committee
a special after-school class
a special agency set up in corporate form
a special correspondent
a special holiday flight
a special kind of paint
a special medication for arthritis
a special occasion
a special reason to confide in her
a specialized tool
a specially arranged dinner
a species of molecule
a species of villainy
a species unique to Australia
a specific and detailed account of the accident
a specific remedy
a specific stain is one having a specific affinity for particular structural elements
a specious claim
a spectacular display of northern lights
a spectacular rise in prices
a specular metal
a speculator flush with cash
a speedy car
a speedy errand boy
a speedy recovery
a spell of good weather
a spell of work
a spellbinding description of life in ancient Rome
a sperm cell develops from a sperm mother cell
a sperm is mostly a nucleus surrounded by little other cellular material
a spherical object
a sphingine smile
a spick-and-span kitchen
a spick-and-span novelty
a spicy sauce
a spineless craven fellow
a spinster or virgin lady
a spiral chambered seashell
a spire clean-cut against the sky
a spirit which true men have always admired
a spirited dance
a spirited debate
a spiritless reply to criticism
a spiritual approach to life
a splanchnic nerve
a splashy half-page ad
a splatter of mud
a split group
a splurge of spending
a spoiled child
a spoken message
a spontaneous abortion
a sporting chance
a sporting solution of the disagreement
a spot of bother
a spot of tea
a spotlessly clean house
a spray of bullets
a sprightly dance
a sprightly young girl
a sprinkling of grey at his temples
a spur-of-the-moment party
a spurious argument
a spurious work of art
a squalid overcrowded apartment in the poorest part of town
a square contradiction
a square corner
a square deal
a square peg in a round hole
a square rigger
a square shaped playing field
a squarely cut piece of paper
a squatty red smokestack
a squelched rumor
a stabbing pain
a stabbing remark
a stable ladder
a stable peace
a stable relationship
a staccato command
a stag at bay
a stage bright with spotlights
a staged version of the novel
a stake in the company's future
a stalwart grey figure
a stalwart knight
a stalwart supporter of the UN
a stand-up bar
a stand-up comic
a standard reference work
a standard size
a standby crew
a standby generator
a standing army
a standing committee
a standing jump
a standing lamp
a standing ovation
a standoffish manner
a staphylococcal infection
a star athlete can make a lot of money from endorsements
a star figure skater
a star of stage and screen
a starchy manner
a stark contrast
a stark interior
a stark landscape
a starlike or stellate arrangement of petals
a starry night
a starry-eyed reformer
a startlingly modern voice
a state of profound shock
a state of undress
a state university
a statement that sums up the nation's mood
a statesmanlike solution of the present perplexities
a static population
a statistician has to be something of a generalist
a statutory age limit
a staunch defender of free speech
a stay-at-home friend
a steadfast ally
a steadily escalating sense of foreboding
a steady beat
a steady breeze
a steady drinker
a steady increase
a steady job
a steady-going family man
a steam-powered locomotive
a steaming kettle
a steep drop
a steep roof sheds snow
a stellar performance
a stellar role
a stenosed coronary artery
a sterile ideology lacking in originality
a sterile operating area
a stern disciplinarian
a stern face
a stern visage
a stick of dynamite
a stickler for promptness
a sticky question
a stiff breeze
a stiff current
a stiff drink
a stiff hinge
a stiff neck
a stiff-necked old Boston brahmin
a stifled yawn
a still photograph
a still pond
a still small voice
a still wine
a stillborn baby
a stillborn plot to assassinate the President
a stilted letter of acknowledgment
a stimulating discussion
a stinging comment
a stipendiary magistrate
a stipulation of fact was made in order to avoid delay
a stirring speech
a stochastic variable
a stock answer
a stock item
a stocky low-set animal
a stodgy dinner party
a stodgy pudding served up when everyone was already full
a stoical sufferer
a stone of coarse grain
a stone wall trails raggedly through the woods
a stony loamless yard
a stool is a backless and armless seat
a stopped (or stopped-up) nose
a store-bought dress
a stormy argument
a stormy day
a stormy marriage
a stout unshapely woman
a stouthearted fellow who had an active career in the army
a straggle of followers
a straggle of outbuildings
a straight and narrow tree-lined road unswerving across the lowlands
a straight line
a straight-backed wooden chair
a straightaway denial
a straightforward gaze
a straightforward set of instructions
a strained smile
a strand of pearls
a strange character
a strange exaltation that was indefinable
a strange fantastical mind
a strange personage appeared at the door
a strange, other dimension...where his powers seemed to fail
a strangled scream
a strapless evening gown
a strapping boy of eighteen
a strategic chess move
a strategy to contain the fallout from the accounting scandal
a stray calf
a stray dog
a streak of wildness
a stream of people emptied from the terminal
a streamlined convertible
a streamlined hiring process
a street of bedraggled tenements
a street of uniform tall white buildings
a strenuous task
a stretch limousine
a stretch of clear water
a stretch of highway
a strict disciplinarian
a strict vegetarian
a strike followed hard upon the plant's opening
a strikebound airline
a strikers' tent camp...was burned with needless loss of life
a striking resemblance between parent and child
a striking thing about Picadilly Circus is the statue of Eros in the center
a string ensemble
a string of beads
a string of islands
a stringer of beads
a stripped new car
a stripped-down budget
a strong legal claim to the property
a strong man
a strong odor of burning rubber
a strong presumptive case is made out
a strong radio signal
a structured environment
a struggle against a determined enemy
a struggle to the last
a stub of a pencil
a stubborn infection
a stubby pencil
a student's attendance is an important factor in her grade
a studied smile
a study in spiccato bowing
a study of the pastness of the present and...of the presentness of the past
a study of the physical properties of atomic particles
a stuffed turkey
a stuffy feeling in my chest
a stumpy ungainly figure
a stunning defeat
a stunning detonation with volumes of black smoke
a stunning performance
a stupefying blow to the head
a stupendous field of grass
a style described as abrasive and contentious
a style of writing in which every word is functional
a styleless way of dressing
a stylist noted for the lameness of his plots
a stylized female head
a stylized mode of theater production
a sub-rosa report
a subdued whisper
a subfusc mining town
a subhuman spectacle
a subject of unfailing interest
a subject of voluminous legislation
a subjective judgment
a submergible electric frying pan
a submersible pump
a submissive reply
a suborbital bone
a subordinate (or dependent) clause functions as a noun or adjective or adverb within a sentence
a subordinate functionary
a subordinate kingdom
a subsidy for research in artificial intelligence
a substantial argument
a substantial family
a substantival constituent
a subsurface flow of water
a subterminal band of color on the tail feathers
a subtle difference
a subtle mind
a subtle poison
a subtractive correction
a suburb of cookie-cutter houses
a successful architect
a successful business venture
a successful graft or transplant requires a high degree of histocompatibility
a successful leap from college to the major leagues
a successful musical must have at least three good songs
a succession of failures
a succession of generals who ruled by usurpation
a succession of stalls offering soft drinks
a sudden cascade of sparks
a sudden cure
a sudden decision
a sudden recognition of the problem he faced
a sudden storm
a sudden unseasonable blizzard
a suer for the hand of the princess
a suggested reform that was unfeasible in the prevailing circumstances
a suggestion ulterior to the present discussion
a suggestive nod
a suicidal corporate takeover strategy
a suit of rather antique appearance
a suit of somber black
a suit of voguish cut
a suit with a better fit
a suitable valedictory gesture
a suitcase jammed with dirty clothes
a suitcase with a false bottom
a sulfurous denunciation
a sullen crowd
a sullen resentful attitude
a sultry dance
a sultry look
a summa cum laude graduate
a summary execution
a summary formulation of a wide-ranging subject
a summer baseball clinic for promising young players
a summer resort...encumbered with great clapboard-and-stucco hotels
a sun bedimmed by clouds
a sunny smile
a sup of ale
a super experiment
a super party
a superb actor
a superb meal
a supercomputer can be used for civilian or military purposes
a superficial mind
a superficial wound
a superfine file
a superior ruler
a supersonic bomber flies so fast that it must release its bombs while the target is still over the horizon
a supple mind
a suppliant for her favors
a suppliant sinner seeking forgiveness
a supporting wall
a supportive family network
a suppressed press
a suppression of the newspaper
a supranational economy
a supreme endeavor
a supreme tribunal
a sure (or true) sign of one's commitment
a sure (or trusted) friend
a sure footing
a sure hand on the throttle
a sure way to distinguish the two
a sure-fire way to get rich
a surface preconditioned to receive paint
a surficial geologic deposit
a surge of ragged scruffy children
a surgeon's delicate touch
a surgeon's job is the saving of lives
a surgical air strike
a surgical appendix
a surgical procedure
a surly unforgiving old woman
a surly waiter
a surprised expression
a surprising experience
a surprisingly impressionistic review bearing marks of hasty composition
a surreptitious glance at his watch
a surrogate mother is artificially inseminated with the father's semen and carries the fetus to term
a suspected infection
a suspected thief
a swaggering peremptory manner
a swank apartment
a swarm of insects obscured the light
a sweater knitted of nubbly homespun yarns
a sweater riddled with moth holes
a sweep of his arm
a sweeping glance
a sweet disposition
a sweet little deal
a sweet-faced child
a swelling with a disposition to rupture
a sweltering room
a sweptwing aircraft
a swift current
a swift runner
a swinging pace
a swish pastry shop on the Rue du Bac
a swishy skirt
a swooning fit
a sword made by a famous English armorer
a sword of tempered steel
a syllable that ends in a short vowel is a light syllable
a sympathetic gesture
a sympathetic observer
a symptomatic classification of diseases
a synchronous set of clocks
a syncretism of material and immaterial theories
a synergistic effect
a synoptic presentation of a physical theory
a system for negative identification can prevent the use of multiple identities by a single person
a system for positive identification can prevent the use of a single identity by several people
a system generating hydrogen peroxide
a systematic administrator
a systemic poison
a table made of rigid plastic
a table spread with food
a tablet of soap
a taboo subject
a tacit agreement
a tactful remark eased her embarrassment
a tactful way of correcting someone
a tactical error
a tactile reflex
a tad too expensive
a tailor sitting with legs akimbo
a take-up that winds photographic film on a spool
a takedown counts two points
a talismanic amulet
a tall order
a tall sandstone hoodoo
a tall story
a tame Christmas party
a tangential remark
a tangle of government regulations
a tantalizing aroma
a tantalizing taste of success
a tart remark
a task well done
a tasty morsel
a tatterdemalion prince
a tattered barefoot boy
a tattered remnant of its former strength
a tax increase of 15 percent
a taxing schedule
a taxonomic designation
a teacher must have a breadth of knowledge of the subject
a teacher should make eye contact with the students
a team established as a member of a major league
a team of aging second-raters
a team of oxen
a team with a good passing attack
a tear left its trail on her cheek
a teaser is used to disentangle the fibers
a teasing and persistent thought annoyed him
a technical fault
a technical problem
a technical report
a technically brilliant boxer
a technically brilliant solution
a technically perfect but arid performance of the sonata
a technological civilization
a teenager's naive ignorance of life
a telegraphic machine
a telescopic antenna
a telescopic drinking cup
a telescopic eye
a telling gesture
a telling presentation
a telling smile
a telltale panel of lights
a telltale patch of oil on the water marked where the boat went down
a telocentric chromosome
a temperamental motor; sometimes it would start and sometimes it wouldn't
a temperamental opera singer
a temperary arrangement
a temperate region
a temperate response to an insult
a tempest swept over the island
a tempting invitation
a tempting repast
a ten day's leave to visit his mother
a ten-day coach circuit of the island
a ten-minute coffee break
a tendency to be too strict
a tendency to turn from collegial to one-man management
a tendentious account of recent elections
a tender glance
a tender heart
a tender mother
a tender smile
a tenebrous cave
a tenor sax
a tenuous argument
a tenuous fluid
a tenuous thread
a tenured professor
a term is in direct proportion to another term if it increases (or decreases) as the other increases (or decreases)
a term is in inverse proportion to another term if it increases (or decreases) as the other decreases (or increases)
a term that is used signally rather than symbolically
a terminable annuity
a terminal patient
a terminal station
a ternary operation
a terrible cough
a terrible curse
a terrible feeling of ulteriority
a terrible power had her in its grasp
a terrible stench saluted our nostrils
a terrific noise
a terrific thunderstorm storm
a terrifying wail
a tertian tonal system
a tessellated pavement
a tessellation of hexagons
a tested method
a tete-a-tete supper
a textbook example
a textured wall of stucco
a thankful smile
a theatrical pose
a theocratic state
a theological student with whom I argued interminably
a theory that was simply added on by some anonymous tagger
a therapeutic agent
a thermal burn
a thermobaric bomb can create overpressures equal to an atomic bomb
a thick board
a thick forest
a thick sandwich
a thick swad of plants
a thick-billed bird
a thick-skinned bruiser ready to give as good as he got
a thickening plot
a thickly populated area
a thickset young man
a thin beard
a thin book
a thin brackish gruel
a thin chiffon blouse
a thin face with a waxy paleness
a thin feeble cry
a thin layer of paint
a thin line across the page
a thin longitudinal strip
a thin pillar of smoke betrayed their campsite
a thin plot
a thin smile
a thin soup
a thin unlined jacket
a thing comprehended is a thing known as fully as it can be known
a thing of the spirit
a thing of untellable splendor
a third-year student
a thirdhand report
a thirst for knowledge
a thirster after blood
a thorough nuisance
a thorough search of the ledgers revealed nothing
a thoroughgoing villain
a thoroughly professional performance
a thoroughly unpleasant highly exceptionable piece of writing
a thought-provoking book
a thoughtful paper
a thoughtless and unkind remark
a thousand flambeaux...turned all at once that deep gloom into a livid and preternatural day
a thousand pages of muddy and disorganized prose
a thread of smoke climbed upward
a three-cornered hat
a three-cornered race
a three-dimensional account of conditions under the new government
a three-legged race
a three-legged stool
a three-masted bark
a three-tier wedding cake
a three-tined fork
a three-way playoff
a three-wheel bike
a threefold increase
a thrilling performer to watch
a thrilling wind blew off the frozen lake
a thriving tourist center
a throbbing pain
a through bus
a through street
a thrown wrestler
a thumping loss
a thundering success
a tidal wave of crime
a tidal wave of nausea
a tide in the affairs of men which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune
a tidy house
a tidy mind
a tidy person
a tidy sum of money
a tiered mound
a tigerish fury
a tight blockade
a tight drumhead
a tight feeling in his chest
a tight game
a tight market
a tight roof
a tight rope
a tight-knit organization
a tightly packed pub
a tightly-fitting cover
a tiled kitchen
a time of unexampled prosperity
a time of unimpeded growth
a time period of 30 years
a timely warning
a timid yielding person
a tincture of condescension
a tinseled charm and unabashed sentimentality
a tint of glamour
a tiny but assured income
a tiny little child
a tipsy boat
a tired dozy child
a tireless worker
a toeless shoe
a token gesture of resistance
a tokenish gesture
a tolerable working knowledge of French
a toll-free road
a toll-free telephone number
a tomentose leaf
a tonic reflex
a tonic syllables carries the main stress in a word
a toothless old crone
a toothless piece of legislation
a toothsome blonde in a tight dress
a toothy smile
a top-down analysis might begin by looking at macro-economic trends
a topical and timely study of civil liberty
a topical anesthesia
a topical reference
a topless cabaret
a topless jar
a topographical engineer
a topographical survey
a topsy-turvy society of lowborn rich and blue-blooded poor
a torrent of abuse
a torrid dance
a torrid love affair
a tortuous road up the mountain
a tortured witness to another's humiliation
a toss of his head
a tot of rum
a total disaster
a total eclipse
a total failure
a totalitarian regime crushes all autonomous institutions in its drive to seize the human soul
a totally graceless hostess
a totally new situation
a totally unheralded telegram that his daughter...died last night
a tottering empire
a tottering skeleton of a horse
a tottery old man
a touchdown counts 6 points
a touchy subject
a tough all-weather fabric
a tough break
a tough character
a tougher and more redoubtable adversary than the heel-clicking, jackbooted fanatic
a towel holder
a tower conspicuous at a great distance
a tower of dust rose above the horizon
a town accessible by rail
a toxic penetrative spray applied to the surface
a toy stove
a traceable riverbed
a trackball is essentially an upside-down mouse
a trackless trolley
a tractable student
a tractor suitable (or fit) for heavy duty
a traffic backup on the main street
a tragic accident
a tragic face
a tragic plight
a trail leading to an unfrequented lake
a trail lined by putrescent carcasses
a train of thought
a trained mind
a tramcar carries coal out of a coal mine
a transcontinental city
a transcribed announcement
a transcultural ideal of freedom embracing all the peoples of the world
a transmitter pulsed by an electronic tube
a transparent explanation
a transparent lie
a trap door that made me curious
a traveled, educated man
a tray loaded with dishes
a treasure hunter
a treasured heirloom
a treated cold is usually gone in 14 days; if left untreated it lasts two weeks
a treble row of red beads
a tree highly recommended for its fruitage
a tree related to but quite distinct from the European beech
a tree with an unbranched trunk
a tree with rimose bark
a tremendous achievement
a tremendous fact in human experience; that a whole civilization should be dependent on technology
a trenchant argument
a trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain
a triangular figure
a triangular pyrimid has a triangle for a base
a tributary colony
a tribute to his courage...and his unconquerable will
a trichromatic printing process
a tricky recipe to follow
a tricolor process in photography
a trifle smaller
a trifling matter
a trilateral figure
a trill is a rapid alternation between the two notes
a trim beard
a trim little sailboat
a tripartite division
a tripartite treaty
a tripping singing measure
a triumphal arch
a triumphal procession
a triumphal success
a triumphant shout
a triune God
a trivial mind
a trivial young woman
a troop of children
a trophic level on the food chain
a troubled expression
a troublesome infection
a troublesome situation
a truck bearing a mound of blue spalls
a truculent speech against the new government
a true friend
a true note
a true statement
a true virus cannot spread to another computer without human assistance
a true-blue American
a true-false test
a truly awful book
a truly original approach
a truly spiteful child
a trump can take a trick even when a card of a different suit is led
a truncate leaf
a truncated pyramid
a trussed chicken
a trustworthy report
a truthful person
a truthful statement
a trying day at the office
a tub of water
a tub should sit on its own base
a tubercular child
a tubercular hospital
a tubercular process for the attachment of a ligament or muscle
a tuberous root
a tufted bedspread
a tumble-down shack
a tumor at least as big as an orange
a turbulent and unruly childhood
a turf war erupted between street gangs
a turgid incoherent presentation
a tuxedoed gentleman
a twenty gun salute
a two-edged sword
a two-handed crosscut saw
a two-handed sledgehammer
a two-piece swimsuit
a two-timing boyfriend
a two-volumed history
a two-way treaty
a two-way valve
a two-wheeled cart
a twofold increase
a typical American girl
a typical bureaucratic screwup
a typical case of arteritis
a typical case was the suburban housewife described by a marriage counselor
a typical household circuit carries 15 to 50 amps
a typical romantic poem
a typical suburban community
a typographical error
a tyrannical government
a tyrannical parent
a unanimous decision
a unexceptional an incident as can be found in a lawyer's career
a unicuspid tooth
a unidirectional antenna
a unidirectional approach to a problem
a unidirectional flow
a unified utility system
a uniformly bright surface
a unilateral decision
a uninominal electoral system
a union of loosely federated states
a union-shop clause in the contract
a unionized shop
a unique copy of an ancient manuscript
a unique dining experience
a unit of wheat is a bushel
a unitary action
a unitary as opposed to a federal form of government
a unitary method was applied
a unitary movement in politics
a united effort
a univalent chromosome
a usage borrowed from French
a used towel that he had used and had left thriftily on the ledge below the mirror rather than consign to the linen basket
a useful job
a useful member of society
a utility infielder
a vacant expression
a vacant mind
a vacuous mind
a vacuous space
a vague and fuzzy idea of the world of finance
a vague inchoate idea
a vague uneasiness
a vain attempt
a valedictory address
a valiant attempt to prevent the hijack
a valiant soldier
a valid argument
a valid contract
a valid inference
a validated claim
a valuable diamond
a valuable financial affiliation
a valuable friend
a valued friend
a vapid conversation
a vapid smile
a vapidly smiling salesman
a vaporous bog
a variable capacitor
a variable speed drive permitted operation through a range of speeds
a variant of the same word
a variant spelling
a vascular bundle
a vast desert all adust
a vast system of production and distribution and consumption keep the country going
a vaulted roof supporting old-time chimney pots
a vegetable plate
a vehement defense
a veiled dancer
a veiled hat
a veiled threat
a vein of gentle irony
a venal police officer
a venerable sage with white hair and beard
a venial error
a venturesome investor
a venturous spirit
a veracious account
a veracious witness
a verbal contract
a verbal protest
a verbose but meaningless explanation
a verifiable account of the incident
a verified claim
a verisimilar tale
a veritable smorgasbord of religions
a vernacular term
a versatile anther of a flower moves freely in the wind
a versatile writer
a vertical camera angle
a vertiginous climb up the face of the cliff
a very amateurish job
a very busy week
a very cocky young man
a very dry martini is almost straight gin
a very expressive face
a very funny writer
a very getatable man
a very inhibited young man, anxious and ill at ease
a very natural development
a very near thing
a very pale washed-out blue
a very pampering cruise experience
a very physical dance performance
a very private man, totally undesirous of public office
a very reassuring remark
a very republican notion
a very unfunny joke
a very uninteresting account of her trip
a very unsure young man
a vested right
a veteran officer
a veto is a repudiative act
a vexatious child
a vexing problem
a viable fetus
a vibrant group that challenged the system
a victim of circumstances
a vigorous campaign
a vigorous foreign policy
a vigorous hiker
a vigorous old man who spent half of his day on horseback
a villa of uninspiring design
a villainous band of thieves
a villainous plot
a vindictive man will look for occasions for resentment
a violable contract
a violable rule
a violent attack
a violent clash of colors
a violent death
a violent fight over the bill is expected in the Senate
a violent noise
a violent person
a violent rage
a virgin purest lipped
a virile and ever stronger free society
a virtual dependence on charity
a virtual revolution
a virtue unlooked-for in people so full of energy
a virtuoso performance
a virulent insect bite
a viselike grip
a visible change of expression
a visible object
a visible supply
a visit to the dentist
a visitation of the plague
a visual image
a visual pattern must include not only objects but the spaces between them
a visual presentation
a vital and charismatic leader
a vital spot
a vital, living organism
a vitriolic critique
a viva-voce report
a vivacious folk dance
a vivid description
a vivid recollection
a vixenish old woman
a vocal assembly
a vociferous mob
a voice quality sounding parrotlike
a voice with a pleasingly unforced quality
a volatile situation with troops and rioters eager for a confrontation
a volcanic cone is a conical mountain or hill built up of material from volcanic eruptions
a volcanic temper
a volitional act
a voltaic (or galvanic) couple
a voluminous skirt
a voluntary confession
a volunteer fire department
a voluptuous woman
a voluptuously curved woman
a votary of Aphrodite
a vulgar and objectionable person
a vulgar gesture
a vulnerable bridge
a vulturine taste for offal
a wad of money
a walk-up apartment
a wall of prejudice
a wall of smoke
a wall of water
a wan smile
a wanted criminal
a wanted poster
a war of attrition
a war of wits
a war scare
a warm and sharing friend
a warm body
a warm climate
a warm coat
a warm debate
a warm greeting
a warm personality
a warm room
a warm temper
a warm trail
a warming fire
a warning that still more bombs could explode
a warranty good for two years
a wary glance at the black clouds
a wash-and-wear shirt
a washing line
a wasted effort
a watchful parent with a toddler in tow
a water-cooled engine
a water-repellent coat
a water-repellent fabric
a waterless well
a watertight alibi
a watery color
a watery substance
a wave of conservatism in the country led by the hard right
a wave of emotion swept over him
a wave of settlers
a waxy mind
a weak market for oil stocks
a weak mind
a weak pillar
a weak president
a weak pulse
a weak stress on the second syllable
a weak, nerveless fool, devoid of energy and promptitude
a wealthy class parasitic upon the labor of the masses
a weapon was hidden on his person
a wearable hearing aid
a weather-beaten face
a weatherproof coat
a wee tot
a weedless garden
a weedy path
a week from Monday will be too soon!
a week of rainy depressing weather
a weekly visit
a weighted average
a weighty argument
a weighty load
a weighty man
a weighty package
a welcome guest
a welcome relief
a welcoming smile
a well equipped playground
a well man
a well outfitted expedition to the South Pole
a well publicized entrant is the pocket computer
a well trained staff saw to the agreeableness of our accommodations
a well ventilated room
a well-adjusted personality
a well-advised delay in carrying out the plan
a well-appointed apartment
a well-appointed kitchen
a well-argued thesis
a well-balanced wheel
a well-behaved child
a well-conducted meeting
a well-connected Edinburgh family
a well-cut suit
a well-earned reputation for honesty
a well-endowed college
a well-intentioned but clumsy waiter
a well-knit argument
a well-knit theatrical production
a well-known politician
a well-known study from the 1970's showed that gender stereotyping placed women in a disadvantageous position
a well-known voice reached her ears
a well-lighted stairwell
a well-liked teacher
a well-lined purse
a well-marked route
a well-meaning but tactless fellow
a well-planned party
a well-qualified officer
a well-rounded curriculum
a well-seasoned dish
a well-spoken gentleman
a well-stocked store
a well-trained staff that is operationally adequate
a well-turned ankle
a well-turned phrase
a well-wired house
a well-written but untheatrical play
a wet bathing suit
a wet candidate running on a wet platform
a wet canteen
a wet cargo
a wet county
a wet cow
a wet drippy day
a wet miserable weekend
a wet nurse
a whacking good story
a whacking lie
a whacking phone bill
a whining nasal voice
a whiny child
a whip made of untanned hide
a whiskered jersey
a white Christmas
a white color is made up of many different wavelengths of light
a white-bread college student
a white-hot center of the fire
a white-tie occasion
a whole loaf of bread
a whole new idea
a whole person again
a whole wardrobe for the tropics
a whole week
a wicked cough
a wicked prank
a wicked stench
a wide and unsectarian interest in religion
a wide necktie
a wide unbridgeable river
a wide variety of pre-eminently contemporary scenes
a wide-open town
a wide-sweeping view of the river
a widespread doctrine
a wife is usually considered unqualified to testify against her husband
a wife's licit love
a wild bullet
a wild financial scheme
a wild stretch of land
a wild-eyed dream of a world state
a wildcat airline
a wildcat mine
a wilderness of masts in the harbor
a willing participant
a wily old attorney
a wind blew southerly
a winding country road
a windshield with good visibility
a windy bluff
a windy dash home
a wine tasting
a winning personality
a wire-haired terrier
a wireless security system
a wise and perceptive comment
a wise decision
a wise leader
a wish that was equivalent to a command
a wispy little fellow with small hands and feet
a witch put a curse on his whole family
a witches' brew of gangsters and terrorists
a with-it boutique
a withdrawal slip
a withholder of payments
a witting tool of the Communists
a witty impromptu must not sound premeditated
a wizened little man with frizzy grey hair
a wobbly chair with shaky legs
a woebegone old shack
a wolf is about the size of a large dog
a woman covert
a woman does not take the gout unless her menses be stopped
a woman of acknowledged accomplishments
a woman of breeding and refinement
a woman of convivial nature
a woman who became active rather than apathetic as she grew older
a woman with her head full of curlers is not a pretty sight
a woman's place is no longer in the kitchen
a womanlike stone image
a wonderful skill in the pacification of crying infants
a wood-burning stove
a wooden box
a wooden smile
a woodland mouse with white underparts
a woodworker extraordinaire
a woody area near the highway
a woody taste
a woolen sweater
a woolgathering moment
a word taken literally
a word unacceptable in polite society
a work dotted with plagiarized phrases
a working draft
a working hypothesis
a working knowledge of Spanish
a working mother
a working stiff
a world crisis
a world full of hungry people
a worldwide epidemic
a worn suit
a worried frown
a worrying situation
a worrying time
a worthless idler
a worthwhile book
a worthy cause
a worthy fellow
a wraithlike column of smoke
a wrecked ship
a wrenching pain
a wrestler of compact build
a wretched life
a writer of empurpled literature
a wrongful act
a wrongful charge
a wrongful diversion of trust income
a wrongheaded policy
a wry neck
a wry pleasure to be...reminded of all that one is missing
a x b = b x a
a yawning abyss
a yawning congregation
a year constitutes a cycle of the seasons
a year hence it will be forgotten
a year-round job
a year-round resort
a yearner for knowledge
a yell of pain
a yet sadder tale
a young bronzed Apollo
a young hand at plowing
a young industry
a young lady of 18
a young man sure to get ahead
a young man who will go very far
a young mother's crowded days
a youth hosteller
a youthful and elastic walk
a zany sense of humor
a zero score
a zero-tolerance policy toward pedophile priests
a zillion is a large indeterminate number
a zillion people were there
a zonal pattern of cell structure
a zoning variance
a...lackadaisical, spiritless young man-about-town
a...youth with a gorgeous red necktie all awry
abdicable responsibilites
abdominal breathing is practiced by singers
abdominal muscles
aberrant behavior
abide by the rules
abject cowardice
abject poverty
abject surrender
ablative material on a rocket cone
able by oracular means to expose a witch
able people are kept underemployed
able teachers
able to dazzle with his facile tongue
able to get a grant for the project
able to learn
able to swim
ablutionary rituals
abnegation of the Holy Trinity
abnormal ambition
abnormal amounts of rain
abnormal circumstances
abnormal powers of concentration
abnormal profits
abominable treatment of prisoners
abominable workmanship
aboriginal forests
abort the mission
abort the process running on my computer
abounding confidence
about face
about the magnitude of a small pea
above all, you must be independent
aboveground nuclear testing
abrupt prose
absence of peaky highs and beefed-up bass
absolute alcohol
absolute freedom
absolute loyalty
absolute silence
absolute truth
absorb the costs for something
absorptance equals 1 minus transmittance
abstemious with the use of adverbs
abstract reasoning
abstract science
abstract words like `truth' and `justice'
abstractive analysis
abusive punishment
abysmal misery
abysmal stupidity
academic education is the gold standard against which other educational activity is pejoratively judged
academic exercises
academic gowns
academic protocol
academically, this is a good school
academics seem to favor passive sentences
accede to the throne
accentual poetry is based on the number of stresses in a line
accentual rhythm
accept an argument
accept students for graduate study
accept your wakefulness and sleep in its own contrary way is more likely to come
acceptable English usage
acceptable levels of radiation
acceptance of Newtonian mechanics was unquestioned for 200 years
accepted the unearned rewards that came his ways as well as the unearned criticism
accepted two or three verbal and rhetorical changes I suggested
accepting pro tem that hypothesis consistent with the facts
acceptive of every new idea
accepts an unplanned order
access all the factors when taking a risk
access time is the sum of seek time and rotational latency and command processing overhead
access to a RAM disk is very fast but the data it contains is lost when the system is turned off
accessible money
accession to such demands would set a dangerous precedent
accessorial services included sorting and packing
accident proneness
accidental poisoning
accommodational strain
accomplished by some unexplained process
according to Marx, treating labor as a commodity exemplified the reification of the individual
according to an early tradition became his sworn brother
according to him, I was the canker in their midst
according to his own testimony he can't do it
according to his statement he was in London on that day
according to historians
according to instructions
according to quantum theory only certain energy levels are possible
according to supersymmetry each force emerged separately during the big bang
according to the Old Testament, Elijah defeated the priests of Baal at Mount Carmel
accounts receivable
accrued interest
accrued leave
accumulate evidence
accurate measurements
accusative endings
accused of cheating and lying and worse
accused of using undue force
accusive shoes and telltale trousers
accustomed to doing her own work
acephalous worms
acervate fungous sporophores
achieved success in business only by underhand methods
achromatize the lenses
acid-wash blue jeans
acids dissociate to give hydrogen ions
acknowledge the deed
acoustic properties of a hall
acoustically ill-equipped studios
acquired characteristics (such as a suntan or a broken nose) cannot be passed on
acres of guttural frogs
acres of level farmland
across-the-board pay increases
acrylic blankets are both warm and washable
act in concert
act wickedly
acted quite reasonably
acting is an imitative art
actions indicative of fear
activate a metal
activate an old file
active as a gazelle
active duty
active tuberculosis
active volcanos
acts contrary to our code of ethics
actual and imagined conditions
actual heroism
actual historical events
actually, I haven't seen the film
actually, we all help clear up after a meal
actuate the circuits
aculeate insects such as bees and wasps
acute and obtuse angles are oblique angles
acute appendicitis
acute pain
acute patients
acutely aware
ad hominem arguments
adamantly opposed to the marriage
add a desirable note of specificity to the discussion
add it to my score and I'll settle later
add the dissolved gelatin
add water as needed
added amendatory phrases to the text
addicted to cocaine
addictive behavior
addictive drugs
adding `out' to many verbs transitivizes them
adding lead makes the alloy easier to cast because the melting point is reduced and the fluidity is increased
additional exemptions are allowed for each dependent
addled eggs
address your remarks to the chairperson
addressable memory
adduct the thigh muscle
adenomatous polyps are visible protrusions that can develop on the mucosal surface of the colon or rectum
adept in handicrafts
adequate remuneration for his work
adherence to a fat-free diet
adiabatic expansion
adipose tissue constitutes the fat of meat
adjectival syntax
adjective law
adjustable interest rates
adjustable seat belts
adjusting to an insane society is total foolishness
administer a program
administer an exam
administer an oath
administer critical remarks to everyone present
administer the drug intramuscularly
administer the last unction
administrative body
admiring the slim smoothness of her thighs
admissible evidence
admit someone to the profession
admitted to being at fault
adolescence is a transitional stage between childhood and adulthood
adolescence is an awkward in-between age
adolescent boys and girls
adolescent insecurity
adolescent problems
adopt a book for a screenplay
adopted a degage pose on the arm of the easy chair
adoptive parents
adored grandchildren
adoring grandparents
adoxography is particularly useful to lawyers
adpressed hairs along the plant's stem
adrenal cortical steroids are used to treat many different conditions
adscititious vowels
adult blood pressure is considered normal at 120/80 where the first number is the systolic pressure and the second is the diastolic pressure
adult movies
adulterate liquor
adulterous husbands and wives
adultery is as reprehensible for a husband as for a wife
adultery is often cited as grounds for divorce
advance an argument
advanced forms of life may be anomalous in the universe
advanced in years
advanced societies
advanced technology
advancement of knowledge
adventures related...in a style both vivid and fulgurous
adventurous pioneers
adverbial syntax
adverse circumstances
adverse currents
advertisers capitalize on the grandness and elegance it brings to their products
advertising that strives continually to be different
advice is wasted words
advice unasked for can be greatly resented
advice was free for the asking
aerate your old sneakers
aerial cable cars
aerial fancies
aerial particles
aerial photography
aerial roots of a philodendron
aerial warfare
aerobic dance
aerobic fermentation
aerobiotic bacteria
aesthetic feeling
aesthetic values
affection for this hurrying driving...little man
affectionate children
afferent impulses
afferent nerves
affiliated clubs
affirmative action has been extremely controversial and was challenged in 1978 in the Bakke decision
affirmative votes
affirmers of traditional doctrine
affix the seal here
afflict with the plague
afforest the mountains
afire with annihilating invective
afraid even to turn his head
afraid for his life
afraid of hard work
afraid of snakes
afraid to ask questions
afraid to show emotion
after 15 years together they are headed for splitsville
after 20 years with the same company, she pulled up stakes
after a few drinks he was beginning to speak thickly
after a glass of wine, he lightened up a bit
after a long dependency on heroin she has been clean for 4 years
after a noticeable pause the lecturer continued
after a short rally Connors won the point
after all those elaborate productions, I felt in need of a reality check
after all, she is your boss, so invite her
after an hour of waiting I was at the boiling point
after an ominous caesura the preacher continued
after breakfast, she walked about in the park
after cautious sashays into the field
after fishing for an hour he still had not had a bite
after full moon comes the waning moon
after going out of his way to help his friend get the job he felt not appreciated but used
after he discovered he had AIDS he drew up a living will
after he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter
after implantation of the blastocyst in the uterine wall the trophoblast divides into two layers, the chorion and the placenta
after much cogitation he rejected the offer
after playing hard the children were thirsty
after reaching the desired velocity the drive is cut off
after several hours of sinking an unexpected rally rescued the market
after several trials he mixed the shade of pink that she wanted
after skipped lunch the men were empty by suppertime
after so many suicide bombings the Israelis have to resist developing a bunker mentality
after some hesitation he agreed
after taking a cold, rawness of the larynx and trachea come on
after that day she never trusted him again
after that failure he lost his confidence
after that mistake he was under a cloud
after the Civil War he was a free man
after the Civil War the carpetbaggers from the north tried to take over the south
after the accounting scandal there was an erosion of confidence in the auditors
after the argument they lapsed into an unhappy silence
after the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit
after the blizzard he shoveled the front walk
after the crisis the patient either dies or gets better
after the dance the littered and lifeless ballroom echoed hollowly
after the expose he had to take it on the lam
after the floods the harvests were subnormal
after the game the children brought friends home for supper
after the hurricane destroyed our house, we had to improvise for weeks
after the long drive, we zonked out and slept for 10 hours
after the revolution the aristocracy was finished
after the scare about foot-and-mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat
after the show, we'll have to strike the set and pack up
after the storm the boats were adrift
after the surgery, she could move her arms painlessly
after the takeover there was a thorough reorganization
after the treatment, the patient is through except for follow-up
after the trial he gave us the real details
after the violent argument he felt empty
after their consolidation the two bills were passed unanimously
after three misses she finally got a hit
after training they became productive taxpaying citizens
after two raises there was a call
after watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue
after we solved that problem the rest was plain sailing
after years of marriage he remained essentially undomesticated
after years of oppression they finally revolted
after years of work his brainchild was a tangible reality
after-hours socializing
age hasn't slowed him down at all
age-old customs
aged members of the society
aged rocks
aged ten
agelong struggle for freedom
aggravated assault
aggravated by passive resistance
aggregate expenses include expenses of all divisions combined for the entire year
aggressive acts against another country
aggressive drivers
agitated parents
agnosticism holds that you can neither prove nor disprove God's existence
agonistic poses
agonized screams
agreeable to the plan
agreed in their distrust of authority
agreed to provide essentials but nothing beyond
agrestic simplicity
agricultural (or farm) equipment
agricultural engineering
agriculture of the extensive type
ahead by two pawns
air is thin at high altitudes
air out the smoke-filled rooms
air piracy
air pollution
air pollution reduced the visibility
air redolent with the fumes of beer and whiskey
air the old winter clothes
air travel has now become commonplace
air travel involves too much waiting in airports
air-slake lime
air-to-air communications
air-to-air missiles
air-to-surface missiles
aircraft flying at subsonic speeds
aircraft in the Mideast are on air alert
aircraft noise is particularly bothersome near the airport
aircraft with sweptback wings
airy gauze curtains
airy rooms
airy theories about socioeconomic improvement
al-Fatah carried out numerous acts of international terrorism in western Europe and the Middle East in the 1970s
al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya uses force to push Egyptian society toward Islamic rule
alabaster statue
alas, I cannot stay
alate leaves
alate seeds of a maple tree
alcohol (or drink) ruined him
alcohol abuse
alcohol brought him to an untimely end
alcohol etiolates your skin
alcohol is a great shortener of life
alcoholic drinks
alcoholic expatriates in Paris
alcoholize prunes
alcoholize the fruit and let them sit in the refrigerator
aldermen usually represent city wards
ale on tap
alert enough to spot the opportunity when it came
alert to the problems
alerting was indicated by the desynchronization of the EEG
algebraic geometry
algebraically determined
alien customs
aliens of equivocal loyalty
align the car with the curb
align the sheets of paper on the table
align the wheels of my car
alive to what is going on
alkaline soils derived from chalk or limestone
all art schools whether independent or attached to universities
all at once, he started shouting
all cells have a cell membrane
all day long, he mindlessly filled out forms
all disputed points are potentially resolvable
all due respect
all hands on deck
all her children were brilliant; the only exception was her last child
all his actions were in subservience to the general plan
all his exes live in Texas
all his kith and kin
all his money is in real estate
all in all, it's not so bad
all joking aside, I think you're crazy
all mammals except monotremes and marsupials are placental mammals
all matter has dimensionality
all members of the film cast and crew are insured
all men are equal before the law
all men are error-prone
all men are mortal
all my efforts led to naught
all my stock assets have vaporized
all my stocks are held in street name
all of human history
all of the planets rotate the sun in approximately the same ecliptic
all of the terms in a linear equation are of the first degree
all other sets are subsets of the universal set
all our valuables were stolen
all parties are welcome
all people should practice toleration and live together in peace
all pious words and uncharitable deeds
all points on the same meridian have the same longitude
all politicians are alike
all respectable companies give guarantees
all rights carry with them corresponding responsibilities
all seats bookable in advance
all systems are go
all that academic rigmarole was a waste of time
all that bowing and scraping did not impress him
all that happened far in the past
all that work went down the sewer
all the characters were peculiarly unsympathetic
all the clues led the police into blind alleys
all the comforts of home
all the jars and jolts were smoothed out by the shock absorbers
all the little creatures joined in the elfin dance
all the livelong day
all the noise in his speech concealed the fact that he didn't have anything to say
all the notional vagaries of childhood
all the random mingling and idle talk made him hate literary parties
all the reporters were expected to adopt the style of the newspaper
all the reports were out in the open
all the salesmen met their quota for the month
all the suits care about is the bottom line
all the tinsel of self-promotion
all the utilities were lost after the hurricane
all the window alarms are connected
all the world loves a lover
all the world seems bright and gay
all their supporters came out for the game
all they had left was a bit of bread
all this duncical nonsense has my brains metagrobolized
all this is most prettily done
all those concerned in the bribery case have been identified
all up and down the Eastern seaboard
all veins except the pulmonary vein carry unaerated blood
all vocal beings hymned their praise
all wound up for a fight
all ye that labor and are heavy-laden
all's well that ends well
all-metal airplanes
all-out war
all-weather flying
alleged abuses of housing benefits
allegorical stories
allegro con brio
allegro molto
allergic children
allied forces crumbled before the Wehrmacht meat grinder
allied species
allied studies
alliterative verse
allopathic remedies
allow farmers to buy their requirements under favorable conditions
allow for mistakes
allowed his children considerable latitude in how they spent their money
allusive speech is characterized by allusions
almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art
almost depleted his miserable store of dried beans
almost dropped the unwieldy parcel
almost through with his studies
almost undetectable with even the most delicate instruments
almost worryingly meticulous in his business formalities
along with the package came a bill
alpha version
alphabetical writing system
alpine flowers
alpine sports
alterable clothing
alterable conditions of employment
alternately relax and tense your calf muscle
alternating current
alternating feelings of love and hate
alternative possibilities were neutrality or war
alternatively we could buy a used car
although I disagreed with him I could follow the tenor of his argument
although I'm a little afraid, however I'd like to try it
although dull at classical learning, at mathematics he was uncommonly quick
although he didn't win the prize he did get special mention
although he saw it in a different light, he still did not understand
although he was apparently drowned, resuscitation was accomplished by artificial respiration
although he was looking at the other girl, he did so dispassionately
although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry
although not the inventor he must be recognized as the perfecter of this technique
although she fussed at them, she secretly viewed all her children with approval
although they knew her whereabouts her friends kept close about it
alto clarinet or recorder
altogether he earns close to a million dollars
altogether, I'm sorry it happened
altruistic instincts in social animals
alveolar processes
always a step behind
always able to trot out some new excuse
always appeared completely unmoved and imperturbable
always arrives on time
always au fait on the latest events
always before he had been able to outwit his pursuers
always more accepting of coaching suggestion than her teammates
always needing friends and money
always tardy in making dental appointments
am I my brother's keeper?
amazed beyond measure
amazingly, he finished medical school in three years
amber-colored heads of grain
ambient sound
ambiguous inkblots
ambiguous words
ambition is immanent in human nature
ambitious men are led astray by an infection that is almost unavoidable
ambitious schedule
ambrosial food
ambulance drivers are paramedical personnel
ambulance drivers are paramedical to give emergency medical aid
ambulances...for the hurt men and women
amend the document
amino groups can transaminate
ammoniated mercury
amniotic membrane
amoebic dysentery
among Biblical critics a tralatitious interpretation is one received by expositor from expositor
among her many admirable qualities are generosity and graciousness
among his gifts is his capacity for true altruism
among our robotic devices is a vacuum cleaner
among the all-time great lefthanders
among the highest goods of all are happiness and self-realization
among the states Connecticut has a high per capita income
amorous glances
amorphous blots of color having vague and indefinite edges
amorphous clouds of insects
amorphous structure
amphibious operations
amphibious troops
amphibious vehicles
amphoric breathing indicates a cavity in the lung
amplify sound
amputate limbs
amusingly digressive with satirical thrusts at women's fashions among other things
amygdalin is a cyanogenetic glucoside
an Afrikaans couple
an Allied victory
an Anglican bishop
an Atlanta-based company
an Elizabethan tragedy admissive of comic scenes
an Englishman would interrupt a war to have his afternoon tea
an Interpol Red Notice is the closest instrument to an international arrest warrant in use today
an X-linked mutation
an a priori judgment
an abandoned sadness born of grief
an abbreviated swimsuit
an abhorrent deed
an abiding belief
an ability to interest casual students
an abject apology
an able and decisive young woman
an able and resourceful politician
an able seaman
an abnormal interest in food
an abnormal personality
an aborting fetus
an abortive revolt
an about-face on foreign policy
an abrasive character
an abridged version
an abrupt canyon
an abrupt change in the weather
an abrupt reply
an abscessed tooth
an absent stare
an absentminded professor
an absolute dimwit
an absolute guarantee to respect the nation's authority
an absolute monarch
an absolutely magnificent painting
an abstract concept that seems indefinable
an abstract conception with feelings of reality and spatial outwardness attached to it
an absurdly rich young woman
an abundant supply of water
an abused substance
an abused wife
an academic discussion
an academic question
an acceptant type of mind
an accessible and genial man
an accidental shooting
an accomplished pianist
an account concerned primarily with episodic events such as the succession of rulers
an account in arrears
an accredited college
an accurate reproduction
an accurate scale
an accusative forefinger
an ace reporter
an acentric chromosome fragment
an acerbic tone piercing otherwise flowery prose
an achievement that puts everything else in the shade
an acid reaction
an acid trip
an acquisitive mind
an acquisitive society in which the craving for material things seems never satisfied
an acrimonious dispute
an acrobatic dance
an acrocentric chromosome
an act for which there is no reparation
an act of ruthless ferocity
an actable scene
an action exemplary of his conduct
an active account
an active antagonism
an active bond market
an active ingredient
an active man is a man of action
an active member of the club
an active placebo mimics the side effects of the experimental drug
an active seaport
an active toddler
an active tradition
an acute (or critical) lack of research funds
an acute observer of politics and politicians
an acutely debilitating virus
an ad hoc committee meeting
an adaptable person
an additive process
an addled egg
an adept juggler
an adequate amount of food for four people
an adequate income
an adjective clause
an adjusted insurance claim
an adjuvant discipline to forms of mysticism
an admiral in command
an adoptive country
an adroit negotiator
an adroit technician
an adscititious habit rather than an inherent taste
an adscript serf
an adult animal
an adulterous relationship
an advance party
an advanced country technologically
an advanced degree
an advanced state of exhaustion
an advanced text in physics
an adventive weed
an adviser helped students select their courses
an advisory memorandum
an aesthetic person
an affable smile
an affectionate and demonstrative family
an affinity for politics
an affirmative decision
an affirmative nod
an affirmative outlook
an affluent banker
an after-hours club
an age of abundance
an agglomerated flower head
an aggregate of formless particles
an aggressive basketball player
an aggressive businessman
an aggressive tumor
an aggressive young executive
an agile mind
an agony of doubt
an agrarian (or agricultural) society
an agreeable manner
an agreeable warmth in the house
an agreement can be reached in a reasonably short time frame
an agricultural college
an air of mystery
an air of unstudied spontaneous utterance is apt to be painstakingly achieved
an air umbrella over England
an air-cooled engine
an air-cooled motor was more effective than a witch's broomstick for rapid long-distance transportation
an aircraft landing slot
an airtight argument
an airtight defense
an airy apparition
an al-Qaeda sleeper cell may have used Arizona as its base
an alacritous response to the invitation
an alarming, even horrifying, picture
an alert mind
an alfresco lunch
an all-around athlete
an all-embracing definition
an all-mains set
an all-night drugstore
an all-right movie
an allayer of fears
an allegation of malpractice
an allegorical painting of Victory leading an army
an allergic reaction
an allied offensive
an allover pattern
an allowance for profit
an alluring prospect
an almost insensible change
an alphabetic arrangement
an alternative life style
an alternative plan
an altogether new approach
an amateur painter
an amazed audience gave the magician a standing ovation
an ambassador extraordinary
an ambassador of good will
an amber light illuminated the room
an ambidextrous surgeon
an ambiguous situation with no frame of reference
an ambitious, disingenuous, philistine, and hypocritical operator, who...exemplified...the most disagreeable traits of his time
an ambulatory corridor
an amenable child
an amenable hospitalization should not result in untimely death
an amendable flaw
an amendment to piggyback the current law
an amiable gathering
an amiable villain with a cocky sidelong grin
an amicable agreement
an ammunition dump
an amorphous mineral
an ample supply
an ample waistline
an amusing fellow
an amusing film with a steady stream of pranks and pratfalls
an amusing speaker
an anabatic wind
an analeptic drug stimulates the central nervous system
an analgesic effect
an analphabetic arrangement of letters
an analytic approach
an analytic experiment
an analytical mind
an anamorphic lense
an ancient cart with wooden wheels
an ancient mariner
an ancillary pump
an anecdotal history of jazz
an anechoic chamber
an anemic attempt to hit the baseball
an anesthetic state
an anestrous bitch
an angelic smile
an angle is formed by the divergence of two straight lines
an angry face
an angry silence
an angry sore
an anguished conscience
an animal with a very sensitive aural apparatus
an animated and expressive face
an animated cartoon
an annual trip to Paris
an annuity paid in perpetuity
an anonymous gift
an anorectic (or anorexigenic) drug
an answering glance
an answering smile
an antiapartheid leader
an antimagnetic watch
an antineoplastic effect
an antisocial deed
an apathetic audience
an aplanatic mirror
an apochromatic lens
an apologetic manner
an apologetic note
an apologist for capital punishment
an apostle of revolution
an apparantly insolvable problem
an apparently arbitrary and reasonless change
an appeal for help
an appeal to his uncle was his last resort
an appeal to raise money for starving children
an appeal to the public to keep calm
an appealing sense of humor
an appetite for life
an appositive noun
an appraisal determined the antique carved chair was worth $900
an appreciation of 30% in the value of real estate
an appreciative laugh from the audience
an appreciative word
an apt pupil
an apt reply
an aquatic environment
an arbitrable dispute
an arbitrable wage and health benefits policy
an arbitrary choice
an arbitrary decision
an arbitrary penalty
an arbitrational settlement
an arbitrative board
an arboreous landscape
an arborous roof
an archaeological dig
an arched ceiling
an arched passageway
an archiepiscopal see
an archipelagic war
an architect of premier rank
an arctic climate
an ardent lover
an area of gently sloping hills
an area rich in archaeological findings
an argument vulnerable to refutation
an argumentative discourse
an arid climate
an aristocratic family
an arm of the sea
an armed guard sat in the box with the driver
an arms limitation agreement beneficial to all countries
an aromatic organic compound
an arranged marriage
an arrangement of assorted spring flowers
an arrant fool
an array of troops in battle order
an arresting drawing of people turning into animals
an arrhythmic heartbeat
an arrogant and cocksure materialist
an arrogant official
an art exhibition
an arteriovenous fistula
an arteriovenus shunt
an artesian well
an artful choice of metaphors
an article of clothing
an articulate orator
an artificial diamond
an artistic flower arrangement
an artists' colony
an artless manner
an artless translation
an as yet unformed government
an asexual spore
an assenting nod
an asseverator of strong convictions
an assimilative substance
an associate member
an associate professor
an assumed cheerfulness
an assumed name
an assumptive person
an assurance of help when needed
an assurgent stem or leaf
an astonishingly placatory speech
an astounding achievement
an astral body
an astute and sagacious statesman
an astute tenant always reads the small print in a lease
an asymptotic function
an athlete in tiptop condition
an athletic build
an athletic child
an atmosphere charged with excitement
an atmosphere electric with suspicion
an atmosphere of defeat pervaded the candidate's headquarters
an atonic syllable carries no stress
an atrocious automobile accident
an attack of diarrhea
an attack on inflation
an attempt to eliminate the base coinage
an attempt to refine the existent machinery to make it more efficient
an attempt to secure a bridgehead behind enemy lines
an attentive suitor
an attitude of melodramatic despair
an attitude of self-conceited arrogance
an attractive and likable young man
an attractive force
an attractive opportunity
an attractive personality
an audacious interpretation of two Jacobean dramas
an audacious trick to pull
an audile person
an auricular appendage
an auricular confession
an auspicious beginning for the campaign
an austere expression
an authentic account by an eyewitness
an authentic signature
an author of blood-and-thunder novels yet quite domestic in his taste
an authoritarian regime
an authoritative communique
an autocratic person
an autogiro is supported in flight by unpowered rotating wings
an autographed copy of his latest book
an autoloading rifle
an automated stoker
an automatic `thank you'
an autonomous judiciary
an avant-garde theater piece
an avenged injury
an avid ambition to succeed
an avid sports fan
an avowed enemy
an avower of his own great intelligence
an awakened interest in ballet
an award for bravery
an away game
an awful risk
an awful voice
an awkward bundle to carry
an awkward dancer
an awkward gesture
an awkward pause followed his remark
an awkward prose style
an axenic culture
an axiomatic truth
an eager look
an early computer
an early death
an early departure is inconvenient for us
an early movie simply showed a long kiss by two actors of the contemporary stage
an early spring
an early waker
an early warning
an earned run in baseball
an earthen pot
an earthy but not indecent story
an earthy enjoyment of life
an earthy sense of humor
an easily noticed effect on the rate of growth
an eastern wind
an easy climb
an easy good-natured manner
an easy job
an easy lilting stride
an easy mark
an easy pat on the shoulder
an easy penalty
an easy problem
an easy teacher
an easy victim
an easy victory
an easy walk around the block
an easygoing teacher who allowed extra time for assignments
an ecological disaster
an economic theory alien to the spirit of capitalism
an economic use of home heating oil
an economical meal
an economical shopper
an economical use of her time
an economically backward country
an economy that is basically rural
an edged knife
an editor's deletions frequently upset young authors
an educated guess
an educational film
an educative experience
an eerie feeling of deja vu
an eerie midnight howl
an effective reprimand
an effective temperateness in debate
an efficacious law
an efficient production manager
an efficient secretary
an egg fertilized in vitro
an egg with a double yolk
an egotistical disregard of others
an egregious lie
an eight-spot
an elaborate formal dinner with all the fixings
an elaborate lace pattern
an elaboration of the sketch followed
an elastic band
an elastic clause in a contract
an eldritch screech
an elect circle of artists
an elective course of study
an electric fire with three bars
an electrical engineer
an electrical storm
an electrostatic generator produces high-voltage static electricity
an elegant dancer
an elegant dark suit
an elegant mathematical solution -- simple and precise
an elegant mathematical solution--simple and precise and lucid
an elegantly insouciant manner
an elegiac lament for youthful ideals
an elegiac poem on a friend's death
an elementary need for love and nurturing
an elementary problem in statistics
an elevated platform
an elevation of the temperature in the afternoon
an elicited response
an eligible bachelor
an elocutionary Oxonian delivery
an elongate tail tapering to a point
an elysian meal
an email log
an email log audit
an emancipated young woman pursuing her career
an embarrassing sleaziness that I hope will be corrected by the more ethical newspapers
an embarrassment of riches
an embattled castle
an embattled city
an embedded subordinate clause
an embossed satin
an embryonic nation, not yet self-governing
an emergent republic
an emerging professional class
an emery wheel is the modern variation of a grindstone
an eminent peak
an emotional binge
an emotional crisis
an emotionally charged speech
an emotionally labile person
an emphatic no
an emphatic word
an empire destined to enter the Commonwealth plenarily
an empirical basis for an ethical theory
an empirical treatment of a disease about which little is known
an empty chaffy book by a foolish chaffy fellow
an empty glass
an empty room
an enabling resolution
an enclosed porch
an enclosed yard
an encumbered estate
an encyclical letter
an end-of-the year crunch
an endangered species
an endless chain
an endless conversation
an endless sequence of epistolary love affairs
an endodontic specialist
an enduring disposition
an energetic assertive boy who was always ready to argue
an energetic fund raiser for the college
an energetic group of hikers
an energy efficiency audit
an enervation of mind greater than any fatigue
an engaging frankness
an engine of change
an enigmatic smile
an enlightened electorate
an enlightening glimpse of government in action
an enormous boulder
an enterprise in which three men are concerned
an enterprising foreign policy
an enterprising young man likely to go far
an entertaining puppet show
an enthralling book
an enthusiastic but unskillful mountain climber
an enthusiastic response
an entire horse
an entire town devastated by an earthquake
an entirely sincere and cruel tyrant
an entreaty to stop the fighting
an enviable position
an epic voyage
an epicurean banquet
an epidemic outbreak of influenza
an epiphytotic blight of potatoes
an epizoic plant parasite
an epizootic disease
an epoch-making discovery
an equable climate
an equable temper
an equally gallant little wife and mother uncomplainingly keeping up the production of tasty and nourishing meals
an equitable distribution of gifts among the children
an equivocal response to an embarrassing question
an equivocal statement
an erect stature
an errant breeze
an erratic comet
an error is pervasive if it is material to more than one conclusion
an errorless baseball game
an erudite professor
an eruptive disease
an especially (or specially) cautious approach to the danger
an essay with a meaning that was not always discernible
an established precedent
an estimable young professor
an estimate of what it would cost
an ethical lawyer
an ethical problem
an ethnic neighborhood
an evaporative cooler
an evasive statement
an even (or still) more interesting problem
an even application of varnish
an even fight
an even floor
an evening at the opera
an eventful decision
an evidentiary fact
an evil influence
an ex-directory number
an ex-post-facto law
an exact and minute report
an exact and patient scientist
an exact copy
an exact mind
an exacting instructor
an exacting job
an exaggerated opinion of oneself
an exalted ideal
an exalting eulogy
an example is the best agency of instruction
an example of the acyl group is the acetyl group
an example of the attributive genetive is `John's' in `John's mother'
an example of the attributive genitive is `John's' in `John's mother'
an example that was fundamental to the argument
an exaugural message
an exceedingly insular man; so deeply private as to seem inaccessible to the scrutiny of a novelist
an excellent novel in its own right
an exception tests the rule
an exceptional memory
an exceptionally adroit pianist
an exceptionally quick and selective reader
an excessive growth of bureaucracy, with attendant problems
an excessive ornateness of language
an excessively demanding and faultfinding tutor
an exchange of fire occurred on a reconnaissance mission
an exciting account of her trip
an exciting novel
an exclusive restaurants and shops
an executive of low caliber
an exemplar of success
an exemplary jail sentence
an exercise in cheap talk
an exercise in futility
an exhausting job in the hot sun
an exhausting march
an exhaustive study
an exiguity of cloth that would only allow of miniature capes
an exiguous budget
an existential moment of choice
an exotic hair style
an expansive lifestyle
an expectant hush
an expedition was sent to explore Mars
an expensive shop
an expensively dressed little man turned a corner and approached her
an experienced and trustworthy traveling companion
an experimental drug
an experimental version of the night fighter
an expert job
an expired passport
an explanatory paragraph
an exploratory operation
an explosion of a low order of magnitude
an explosion of laughter
an explosion of rage
an explosive device
an explosive issue
an explosive laugh
an explosive temper
an express shipment
an express train
an expressible emotion
an expression of pleasure crossed his features
an expression peculiar to Canadians
an exquisite cameo
an exquisite gilded rococo mirror
an extemporaneous piano recital
an extemporary lecture
an extempore skit
an extended discussion
an extended telescope
an extensible measuring rule
an extensile tongue
an extensive Roman settlement in northwest England
an exterior scene
an external concern for reputation
an extinct royal family
an extinct species of fish
an extinct volcano
an extinguishable fire
an extra fast car
an extra pair of shoes
an extrajudicial penalty
an extraordinary achievement
an extraordinary capacity for work
an extraordinary desire for approval
an extraordinary session of the legislature
an extreme conservative
an extreme example
an extreme liberal
an extremely dicey future on a brave new world of liquid nitrogen, tar, and smog
an extrinsic feature of the new building
an eyebrow pencil
an eyecup is called an eyebath in Britain
an eyeless needle
an fair penny
an habitue of the racetrack
an honest wage
an honest working stiff
an honorable man
an honorary degree
an hour long
an hourlong examination
an iambic foot consists of an unstressed syllable followed by a stressed syllable as in `delay'
an ice-free channel in the river
an iced summer drink
an ichorous discharge
an idea attributable to a Russian
an idea comprehensible to the average mind
an idea is not a unit that can be moved from one brain to another
an idea so daring and yet so audaciously tempting that a shiver of excitement quivered through him
an idea worth considering
an idiotic idea
an idle laborer
an idle mind
an idolized wife
an idyllic spot for a picnic
an iffy proposition
an igneous desert atmosphere
an ignited firework proceeds superior to circumstances until its blazing vitality fades
an ignominious retreat
an ignorant man
an ill-conceived plan
an ill-conceived plan to take over the company
an ill-fated business venture
an ill-favored countenance
an ill-judged attempt
an ill-shapen vase
an ill-starred romance
an ill-timed intervention
an illative conclusion
an illegal chess move
an illegitimate seizure of power
an illicit association with his secretary
an illness at the critical stage
an illuminating lecture
an illustrator untried in mural painting
an illustrious achievement
an illustrious judge
an imaginative dispersal of the pews radially from the central focus of the pulpit
an imaginative mix of old-fashioned grandeur and colorful art
an imaginative orchestral idiom
an imaginative use of material
an immaculate record
an immediate influence
an immediate reply to my letter
an impacted tooth
an impalpable cloud
an impalpable pulse
an impassioned appeal
an impatient move of his hand
an impellent cause
an impellent power
an impelling personality
an impenetrable fortress
an imperceptible drop in temperature
an imperceptible nod
an impermeable layer of scum
an impersonal corporation
an impersonal remark
an imperturbable self-possession
an impetuous display of spending and gambling
an implacable enemy
an implicative statement
an implicit agreement not to raise the subject
an impolitic approach to a sensitive issue
an important official
an important piece of the evidence
an important requirement is suitability for long trips
an importunate job applicant
an imposing residence
an impossible dream
an impossible situation
an impractical solution
an impregnable argument
an impregnable fortress
an impression of careless elegance
an impressionable age
an impressionable youngster
an impressive array of food ready and waiting for the guests
an impressive ceremony
an improbable event
an impromptu speech
an improved breed
an improved viewfinder
an improvement in the manufacture of explosives
an improving economy
an imprudent remark
an impudent boy given to insulting strangers
an impulse to go off and fight certain obscure battles of his own spirit
an impulsive force
an impulsive gesture of affection
an in-situ investigator
an inaccurate translation
an inactive member
an inactive mine
an inadequate income
an inanimate body
an inarticulate cry
an inattentive babysitter
an inaudible conversation
an inaugural ball
an inaugural ceremony
an incandescent bulb
an incandescent performance
an incandescing body
an incarnate spirit
an incautious remark
an incautious step sent her headlong down the stairs
an incendiary agent
an incendiary fire
an inch thick
an incident fraught with danger
an incipient tumor
an incised design
an inclination of his head indicated his agreement
an inclined plane
an inclusion in the cytoplasm of the cell
an inclusive art form
an inclusive fee
an incomparable week of rest and pleasure
an incompetent secret service
an incomplete account of his life
an incomplete forward pass
an incomputable amount
an inconclusive reply
an inconstant lover
an incorporated town
an incorporeal spirit
an incorrect calculation
an incorrect transcription
an incorrigible mess
an incorrigibly fractious young man
an increasing monotonic function
an incumbent geological formation
an incurable addiction to smoking
an incurable disease
an incurable optimist
an incurable seer of movies
an indecent gesture
an indecipherable message
an indecisive manager brought the enterprise to a standstill
an indefatigable advocate of equal rights
an indefeasible claim to the title
an indefeasible right to freedom
an indefinable feeling of terror
an indelible stain
an indelicate proposition
an indelicate remark
an indentured servant
an independent mind
an indeterminate campaign
an indeterminate future
an indeterminate point of law
an indeterminate stem
an indication of foul play
an indicator of expectancy in development
an indictable offense
an indifferent chemical in a reaction
an indifferent performance
an indignant denial
an indirect advantage
an indirect cause
an indirect descendant of the Stuarts
an indirect insult
an indiscernible increase in temperature
an indiscriminate mixture of colors and styles
an indispensable worker
an indistinct memory
an individual serving
an individualistic way of dressing
an indivisible union of states
an indolent hanger-on
an indolent ulcer
an indoor pool
an indoor setting
an indulgent attitude
an industrial nation
an industrialized land
an indwelling divinity
an indwelling goodness
an ineffective administration
an ineffective teacher
an ineffectual ruler
an inefficient campaign against drugs
an ineligible pass receiver
an ineluctable destiny
an inept remark
an inexhaustible supply of coal
an inexpedient tactic
an inexpertly constructed lean-to
an inexpressive face
an inextinguishable faith
an inextinguishable flame
an inextricable knot
an infallible antidote
an infallible memory
an infectious agent depends on a reservoir for its survival
an infelicitous remark
an infernal nuisance
an infertile couple
an infinite number of reasons
an inflammatory process
an inflammatory response
an inflatable boat
an inflatable mattress
an inflexible (or die-hard) conservative
an inflexible iron bar
an inflexible knife blade
an inflexible law
an influential newspaper
an informal British term for `filling' is `stopping'
an informal agreement
an informal free-and-easy manner
an informal gathering of friends
an informed public
an infrangible series
an ingenious device
an ingenious solution to the problem
an ingenuous admission of responsibility
an ingrown toenail
an inhalant pore
an inharmonious (or incongruous) mixture of architectural styles
an inheritable title
an inherited disease
an inimical critic
an inimitable style
an initiatory step toward a treaty
an injudicious measure
an injury bound in fresh gauze
an innate talent
an inner room
an innocent child
an innocent person implicated by circumstances in a crime
an innocent prank
an inoperative law
an inopportune visit
an inordinate proportion of the book is given over to quotations
an inpouring of spiritual comfort
an inquiring look
an inquiring mind
an insatiable demand for old buildings to restore
an insatiate appetite
an insect's versatile antennae can move up and down or laterally
an insecure future
an insecure person lacking mental stability
an inseparable twosome
an inshore breeze
an inside pitch is between home plate and the batter
an inside wall
an insightful parent
an insignificant sum of money
an insipid and bloodless young man
an insipid personality
an insoluble doubt
an insoluble problem
an insolvent estate
an insolvent person
an inspired performance
an inspired performance of Mozart's C minor concerto
an instant need
an instrumental ensemble
an insubstantial and unsatisfying meal
an insubstantial mirage on the horizon
an insufferably precious performance
an insurance policy is a good safeguard
an insured risk
an intangible feeling of impending disaster
an integer is a number that is not a fraction
an integrated Europe
an intelligent but argumentative child
an intelligent question
an intelligent solution
an intemperate climate
an intended insult
an intensive adverb
an interconnection between the two buildings
an interdisciplinary conference
an interest in music
an interested audience
an interfacial layer
an interfaith marriage
an interfering old woman
an interim agreement
an interior bathroom without windows
an interior decorator must understand lighting
an interior scene
an interlocking of arms by the police held the crowd in check
an intermediate range plane
an interminable sermon
an intermural track meet
an internal sense of rightousness
an internally controlled environment
an international agreement
an internecine feud among proxy holders
an interspecific hybrid
an intimate cocktail lounge
an intolerable degree of sentimentality
an intoxicating drink
an intractable disposition
an intradermal injection
an intramuscular injection
an intransigent conservative opposed to every liberal tendency
an intravenous inflammation
an intricately carved door
an intriguing smile
an introductory art course
an intrusive arm of the sea
an intuitive revulsion
an invalid driver's license
an invalid's frail body
an invalid's pleasures are few and far between
an invariable rule
an invariable temperature
an invasion of locusts
an invasion of tourists
an invention credited to Edison
an invention with broad applications
an inventory may be necessary to see if anything is missing
an inveterate changer of the menu
an invincible army
an inviolable oath
an invisible hinge
an invitation to lunch
an inviting offer
an involuntary shudder
an inwrought design
an irascible response
an irenic attitude toward former antagonists
an iridescent oil slick
an iron constitution
an ironclad contract
an ironclad rule
an ironic novel
an ironic remark often conveys an intended meaning obliquely
an ironical smile
an irreducible formula
an irreducible hernia
an irreducible minimum
an irrefutable argument
an irregular heartbeat
an irregular pair of jeans
an irregular worker
an irrelevant comment
an irremediable error
an irremovable officer
an irreparable mistake
an irrepressible chatterbox
an irretrievable loss
an irritating delay
an irritative agent
an island in the embrace of the sea
an isolated pawn
an issue extraneous to the debate
an issue of cosmopolitan import
an issue open to question
an itinerant judge
an itinerating merchant
an obedient soldier
an obituary notice
an objection that is immaterial after the fact
an objective appraisal
an objective example
an obligate anaerobe can survive only in the absence of oxygen
an obligatory contribution
an obscure family
an obscure flaw
an obscure retreat
an obscure turn of phrase
an obscure village
an observable change in behavior
an obsolete locomotive
an obstinate child with a violent temper
an obstructed view
an occasion arranged to honor the president
an occasional worker
an occluded artery
an occult fracture
an octal digit
an ocular organ
an ocular spot is a pigmented organ or part believed to be sensitive to light
an odd glove
an off year for tennis
an off-color joke
an off-line ticket office
an off-putting remark
an off-site waste treatment operation
an off-the-cuff toast
an offhand manner
an officer is responsible for the lives of his men
an official accused of dishonesty should be suspended forthwith
an official banquet
an official representative
an official under fire for mismanagement
an offshore island
an oil baron
an oil-fired furnace
an oil-in-water emulsion
an oiled walnut table
an oily sycophantic press agent
an old book with dog-eared pages
an old house destined to be demolished
an old house with dirty windows and tatty curtains
an old offender
an old tale of Anne Bolyn walking the castle walls with her poor cut-off head under her arm
an old woman advanced a few paces to shake her fist virulently in my face
an old-world cottage
an oldline senator
an omelet flavored with fines herbes
an omnibus law
an on-line database
an on-the scene newscast
an on-the-spot reporter
an ongoing economic crisis
an only child
an onshore gale
an onshore lighthouse
an open and trusting nature
an open boat
an open city
an open door
an open door interpreted as an invitation
an open economy
an open fire
an open letter to the editor
an open protest
an open question
an open shop employs nonunion workers
an open texture
an open wound
an open-air theater
an open-and-shut case
an open-ended discussion
an open-ended question
an open-minded curiosity
an opencut iron mine
an operable cancer
an operable plan
an operant conscience
an operational aircraft
an opportune arrival
an opportune place to make camp
an opportune time to receive guests
an opportunity opened up
an opprobrious monument to human greed
an optical illusion
an optimum return on capital
an oracular message
an oral agreement
an oral thermometer
an oral tradition
an oral vaccine
an orange of average size
an orange-crowned bird
an orchard of considerable extent
an ordained priest
an ordered sequence
an orderly crowd confronted the president
an ordinary day
an ordinary wine
an organic disease
an organic lifestyle
an orgy of shopping
an orienting program for new employees
an original and two manifolds
an original mind
an ornamental gold braid on the shoulder of his uniform
an orthodox view of the world
an ossified bureaucratic system
an ostentatious sable coat
an otherwise hopeless situation
an otiose undertaking
an out-and-out lie
an out-of-town school
an out-of-town tryout
an outburst of heavy rain
an outer lane
an outfitter provided everything needed for the safari
an outgoing steamship
an outlaw strike
an outlet for healthy and unhampered action
an outrageously bigoted point of view
an outside chance
an outside door
an outside job
an outside margin
an outside pitch
an outside stocktaker had to be hired
an outstanding fact of our time is that nations poisoned by anti semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom
an outstanding war record
an outward journey
an over-embellished story of the fish that got away
an over-the-counter cold remedy
an overdelicate digestive system
an overdue installment
an overexposure to violence on television
an overflowing tub
an overhand pitch
an overhand stroke
an overhead crossing
an overland journey
an overly strict and inhibitory discipline
an overlying image
an overnight trip
an overpowering need for solitude
an overshot jaw
an overstrung archery bow
an overstuffed sofa
an overt lie
an overturned car
an overwhelming majority
an owl's versatile toe can move backward and forward
an owner of many things and needer of none
an person who has been declared incompetent should have legal representation
an semiliterate scrawl
an ugly face
an ugly frame of mind
an ugly wound
an ukempt appearance
an ultra conservative
an ultra vires contract
an ultraconservative evangelical message
an ultrasonic dimensioning arrangement of the heart
an ultraviolet lamp
an umbrella holder
an umbrella organization
an umpire was appointed to settle the tax case
an unabridged novel
an unacceptable violation of personal freedom
an unaccustomed pleasure
an unacknowledged emergency
an unactable play
an unaddressed envelope
an unadjusted figure of 8.5 percent
an unaffected grace
an unalterable death sentence
an unalterable ground rule
an unanalyzed compound
an unanswerable argument
an unapologetic believer
an unapproachable chalet high in the mountains
an unapproachable executive
an unattainable goal
an unauthorized strike
an unavailing attempt
an unavenged murder
an unavoidable accident
an unbanded bird
an unbarred door
an unbeatable ball team
an unbending will to dominate
an unbiased account of her family problems
an unblemished complexion
an unblemished record
an unbloody transfer of power
an unblushing apologist for fascism
an unbound book
an uncaring person
an unceremonious speech
an uncertain future
an uncertain recollection of events
an uncertain smile
an uncharged battery
an uncharged particle
an uncharitable and unsympathizing attitude
an unchecked temper
an uncheerful place
an unclogged drain
an unclouded mind
an uncluttered room
an uncomfortable and eerie stillness in the woods
an uncomfortable chair
an uncomfortable day in the hot sun
an uncomfortable way of surprising me just when I felt surest
an uncommon liking for money
an uncommon sense of humor
an uncompensated federal post
an uncompleted pass
an uncompleted play
an uncomplimentary dress
an uncomprehended mystery
an unconditioned reflex
an unconfirmed letter of credit
an uncongenial atmosphere
an uncongenial soil
an unconscionable liar
an unconsummated marriage can be annulled
an unconventional marriage
an uncooperative witness
an uncoordinated toddler
an uncorrectable habit
an uncouth soldier--a real tough guy
an uncreative imagination
an uncrowded train
an uncrowded view
an uncut diamond
an undefeated team
an undefined term
an undemanding boss
an undependable assistant
an undependable generalization
an under secretary
an underbred dog
an undercover investigation
an underhand pitch
an underhand stroke
an underhung jaw
an underlying meaning
an understanding friend
an undesired result
an undigested mass of facts gathered at random
an undiluted racial strain
an undivided interest in the property
an undue loan
an undutiful son
an unearned run
an unearthly light
an uneasy calm
an uneasy coalition government
an uneasy silence fell on the group
an unembarrassed greeting as if nothing untoward had happened
an unenclosed porch
an unenforceable law
an unenlightening comment
an unenthusiastic performance by the orchestra
an unequivocal (or univocal) statement
an unequivocal promise
an unequivocal success
an unerring marksman
an uneven color
an uneven gait
an uneventful life
an unexcitable temperament
an unexciting novel
an unexhausted well
an unexpansive man
an unexpected extrusion of toothpaste from the bottom of the tube
an unexpired driver's license
an unexplainable fear
an unexplained error
an unexploded bomb
an unextended arm
an unfaceted gem
an unfailing source of good stories
an unfailing test
an unfaithful lover
an unfaithful reproduction
an unfavorable comparison
an unfeathered goose
an unfeeling wretch
an unfeminine depth of voice
an unfertilized egg
an unfirm stance
an unfit parent
an unflattering portrait
an unfledged lawyer
an unforfeitable right
an unfortunate choice of words
an unfortunate decision
an unfortunate night for all concerned
an unfortunate side effect of NSAIDs is that they block Cox-1
an unfortunate speech
an unfortunate turn of events
an unfriendly act of aggression
an unfriendly action to take
an unfriendly coldness of manner
an unfunded project
an unfurnished apartment
an unfurrowed field
an ungenerous response to the appeal for funds
an unglamorous job greasing engines
an ungracious industrial city
an unguarded gate
an unguarded remark
an unguiculate flower petal
an unhealed wound
an unhealthy climate
an unhealthy diet of fast foods
an unheated room
an unhoped-for piece of luck
an unhurried walk
an unidentified species
an unidentified witness
an unimpeachable reputation
an unimpeachable source
an unimpeded sweep of meadows and hills afforded a peaceful setting
an unimpressionable mind
an uninhabited island
an uninsured motorist
an unintended slight
an unintentional pun
an uninterested spectator
an uninvolved bystander
an unjust accusation
an unjust judge
an unkempt garden
an unknowledgeable assistant
an unknown amount
an unknown island
an unknown source
an unknown writer
an unlearned group incapable of understanding complex issues
an unlikely candidate for reelection
an unlikely story
an unlisted telephone number
an unlisted voter
an unliveried chauffeur
an unlocked room
an unmade bed with tangled sheets and blankets
an unmanageable situation
an unmanned satellite to Mars
an unmanning experience
an unmarked police car
an unmeaning smile
an unmitigated horror
an unmitigated lie
an unmown lawn
an unnamed donor
an unnatural death
an unnecessary and inadvisable action
an unnoticeable cigarette burn on the carpet
an unobstructed view
an unoccupied apartment
an unoccupied telephone booth
an unoffending motorist should not have been stopped
an unofficial estimate
an unorthodox lifestyle
an unpaid bill
an unpainted house
an unpalatable meal
an unpeaceful marriage
an unplanned economy
an unplanned pregnancy
an unpleasant personality
an unpleasant tinny voice
an unpopular war
an unprecedented expansion in population and industry
an unpredictable (or indeterminable) future
an unprejudiced appraisal of the pros and cons
an unpretentious country church
an unprintable epithet
an unpronounceable foreign word
an unqualified denial
an unquestionable (or unequivocal) loss of prestige
an unquestionable antique
an unquiet mind
an unreachable canyon
an unregenerate criminal
an unregistered citizen
an unregulated environment
an unreliable trestle
an unremunerative occupation
an unrighteous law
an unrighteous man
an unroofed shed
an unruly class
an unsatisfactory truncated conversation
an unsaturated red
an unsaturated salt solution
an unsavory reputation
an unsavory scandal
an unscheduled meeting
an unscientific lack of objectivity
an unseamed garment made of plastic
an unsecured note
an unsettled issue
an unsettled lifestyle
an unsettled state of mind
an unshaded meadow
an unskilled painting
an unsociable nature...shy and reserved
an unsociable neighborhood
an unsophisticated machine
an unsound argument
an unsound foundation
an unsound limb
an unsparing critic
an unspeakable odor came sweeping into the room
an unspectacular but necessary task
an unstable world economy
an unsteady voice
an unstructured situation with no one in authority
an unsuspecting victim
an unswervingly loyal man
an untapped keg
an untapped sugar maple
an untarnished reputation
an untaxed expense account
an untechnical reader
an untested drug
an untheatrical personality
an unthought advantage
an unthought-of place to find the key
an untidy living room
an untimbered area
an untimbered boat
an untimely remark
an untouched cocktail in her hand
an untraceable source
an untrained voice
an untranslatable idiom
an untraversed region
an untreated disease
an untreated fabric
an untried procedure
an untrustworthy person
an untruthful person
an untutored and uncouth human being
an untutored genius
an unused envelope
an unusual floral design
an unusual meteorite
an unwilling assistant
an unwilling smile
an unwise investor is soon impoverished
an unwitting mistake may be overlooked
an unwitting subject in an experiment
an unwonted softness in her face
an unworkmanlike result
an unworkmanlike tool
an unwritten law
an unyielding head support
an up-to-date issue of the magazine
an upright and respectable man
an upright post
an uprising quenched almost before it started
an upscale motel
an upscale neighborhood
an upset stomach
an upsetting experience
an upside-down cake
an upstairs room
an upstanding member of the community
an upsurge in violent crime
an upsurge of emotion
an upward stroke of the pen
an utterer of foul oaths
an utterer of useful maxims
an utterly insouciant financial policy
anaerobic bacteria
anal thermometer
analogously, we have a variable
analogue device
analysts content that the stock market is due for a technical rally
analysts predicted rough sledding for handset makers
analytic statics
analytical reasoning
analyze a chemical compound
analyze a sentence
analyze a sonnet by Shakespeare
analyze a specimen
analyze the evidence in a criminal trial
analyze today's financial market
analyze your real motives
analyzed volumetrically
anaphoric reference
anaphylactic shock
anastomose blood vessels
anatomical features
anatomical research
anatomically correct
anatomize the bodies of the victims of this strange disease
ancestral home
ancestral lore
anchor the lamppost in concrete
anchored close aboard another ship
anchors aweigh
ancient Egyptians believed in the divinity of the Pharaohs
ancient Greece
ancient Greek had the dual form but it has merged with the plural form in modern Greek
ancient Italic dialects
ancient cisalpine Gaul included an area south and east of the Alps
ancient civilizations such as those of the Etruscans and Sumerians
ancient history
ancient transalpine Gaul was an area northwest of the Alps and included modern France and Belgium
and Jill came tumbling after
and in softness almost beyond hearing
and mix with our connatural dust
and so home and to bed
and that isn't all, not by a long sight
and the swine...is unclean to you
anecdotal conversation
anecdotal evidence
aneroid barometer
anesthetize the gum before extracting the teeth
anfractuous cliffs
angel of death
angelic beneficence
angelic messenger
anger was implicit in the argument
angina pectoris can cause referred pain in the left shoulder
angiograms are produced by angiography
angled parking
angry at being dealt with so unequally
angry at the weather
angry clouds on the horizon
angry customers
angry that the case was settled disadvantageously for them
angry-looking
angular momentum
angular momentum makes the world go round
anicteric hepatitis
animal cells lose their totipotency at an early stage in embryonic development
animal cries filled the night
animal fat is high in saturated fatty acids
animal instincts
animals as various as the jaguar and the cavy and the sloth
animals of the same species
animals with protective coloring
animated cartoons
animated conversation
animated puppets
animism is common among primitive peoples
anisotropic crystals
annexation of the suburban fringe by the nuclear metropolis
annual (or yearly) income
anomic loners musing over their fate
anonymous authors
anonymous bureaucrats in the Civil Service
anonymous donors
another consideration is the time it would take
another instance occurred yesterday
another minute I'd have been fine
another pointed look in their direction
another schism like that and they will wind up in bankruptcy
another super skyscraper
another sweetheart deal based on political influence
another word had been written over the erasure
answer a question
answer the door
answer the question
answer the riddle
answer the telephone
answered with an unimpassioned defense
anteaters are edentate animals
antecedently arranged
antediluvian ideas
antediluvian man
antemortem confession
antenatal care
antennal senses of insects
anthrax grows by dividing into two daughter cells that are generally identical
anthropological studies
anthropologists do much of their work in the field
anthropology is the study of human beings
anthropology's kinship with the humanities
anticancer drug
anticholinergic drugs
anticipation produced in me a sensation somewhere between hope and fear
antiknock properties
antiknock rating
antimonial lead
antimonious oxide
antiparallel vectors
antipathetic factions within the party
antipathetic to new ideas
antiphonal laughter
antipodal points on a sphere
antipodal regions of the earth
antipodean latitudes
antipollution devices on automobile exhaust systems
antipollution laws
antique furniture
antique papers of entrancing design
antisatellite weapons
antiseptic financial practices
antithyroid drugs
ants are social insects
anurous toads and frogs
anxious to see the new show at the museum
any child would know that
any day now
any derogation of the common law is to be strictly construed
any effective opposition to a totalitarian regime must be secretive and cellular
any food produced irritation of the stomach
any good golf club will have a range where you can practice
any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane
any measure tending to fuse invalids into a class with special privileges should be discountenanced
any other person would tell the truth
any rotating body has an angular momentum about its center of mass
any society is built upon certain assumptions
any variation in his routine was immediately reported
anything is possible
anything that promises to pay too much can't help being risky
anyway, there is another factor to consider
aphasic speech
aphids are transmitters of plant diseases
apogean tides occur when the moon is at the apogee of its orbit
apopemptic hymns
apoplectic seizure
appalled by the social conditions of migrant life
appalled by the totality of the destruction
appalling conditions
appeal to somebody for help
appealing to the vulgar taste for violence
appears to be completely sane
appears to be entirely recovered
appears to be entirely well
appellate court
append a charm to the necklace
appetitive needs
applaudable efforts to save the environment
applauding the unveiled statue of Winston Churchill
applicants may qualify to take the New York bar examination by graduating from an approved law school
applied physics
applied psychology
apply a principle
apply for a job
apply paint lightly
apply this medicine topically
appointed and removable by the mayor
appointive powers
appreciable amounts of noxious wastes are dumped into the harbor
appreciative of a beautiful landscape
apprehensive about her job
apprehensive for one's life
apprehensive of danger
approach a new project
approach a task
approaching old age
approbative criticism
appropriable funds
approximate leaves grow together but are not united
aquacultural methods
aqueous solutions
arbitrary division of the group into halves
arboreal apes
arborescent coral found off the coast of Bermuda
archaic forms of life
archaic laws
archaistic writing
archaized craftwork
archeozoic life forms
arches and vaulting
archetypal patterns
architectural design
architectural history
architecture and eloquence are mixed arts whose end is sometimes beauty and sometimes use
ardent love
ardent revolutionaries
are the judicial instrumentalities of local governments adequate?
are they astir yet?
are you ashamed for having lied?
are you asocial or do you just enjoy living in the Antarctic?
are you comfortable?
are you decent?
are you finished?
are you gainfully employed now?
are you going to sit on your fanny and do nothing?
are you in the least interested?
are you married or single?
are you serious or joking?
are your people still alive?
areas of interest include...
aren't dreams always in 3-D?
aren't there shades of 1948 here?
arenaceous grasses
arenaceous limestone
arenicolous worms
areolar tissue
argentiferous ore
argillaceous rocks
argue in terms of high-flown ideals
argued for the better part of an hour
argued...that foster homes are abusive
argues very strongly for his proposal
arguing children
argument could not determine its truth or falsity
argumentative to the point of being cantankerous
aristocratic Bostonians
aristocratic bearing
aristocratic contempt for the swinish multitude
aristocratic features
aristocratic government
arithmetical computations
armed robbery
armed with permeative irony...he punctures affectations
armor-clad
armor-plated vehicles
armored from head to foot
armorial bearing
arms sales contingent on the approval of congress
around the rock the ragged rascal ran
around-the-clock nursing care
arouse pity
arrange my schedule
arrange the books on the shelves in chronological order
arrive home at a reasonable hour
arrived at a most inopportune hour
arrived at the precise moment
arrived long before he was expected
arrogance and lack of taste contributed to his rapid success
arrogant claims
arrows flighted argent
arsenic is a metalloid element
arsenic vapor
art does not need to be innovative to be good
art is not something that is come-at-able by dint of study
art like gesture is a form of nonverbal expression
arterial blood
arterial disease
arterial pressure is the product of cardiac output and vascular resistance
artesian pressure
articles for present use
articles in magazines are usually onymous
articular disease
articulate beings
articulate speech
articulatory features
articulatory phonetics
artifacts suggestive of an ancient society
artificial fibers
artificial flavoring
artificial flowers
artificial sweeteners
artificially induced conditions
artillery on the Golan Heights can dominate a large area of Israel
artillery provided covering fire for the withdrawal
artistic workmanship
artists like north light
artists must study the structure of the human body
artists use `paint' and `pigment' interchangeably
artless elegance
as I said before
as a child, I was deathly afraid of snakes
as a golfer he was only a duffer
as a matter of fact, he is several inches taller than his father
as a result of the blowout we lost all the lights
as a sweetener they offered warrants along with the fixed-income securities
as absorbent as a sponge
as an actor he was a consummate craftsman
as an experiment he decided to grow a beard
as black as coal
as cacophonous as a henyard
as cheerful as anyone confined to a hospital bed could be
as clear as a whistle
as dirtily drunk as usual
as distant and bemused as a professor listening to the prattling of his freshman class
as filthy as a pigsty
as he called the role he put a check mark by each student's name
as he heard the news he was suddenly flooded with relief
as he looks at the mess he has left behind he must wonder how the Brits so often managed to succeed in the kind of situation where he has so dismally failed
as he waited he could feel the air on his neck
as helpless as a baby
as impalpable as a dream
as insubstantial as a dream
as irrational and surreal as a dream
as late as yesterday she was fine
as like as two peas in a pod
as long as the lighting was good
as long you've a lucifer to light your fag
as mountain stream with freely running water
as nimble as a deer
as nuclear weapons proliferate, preventing war becomes imperative
as quixotic as a restoration of medieval knighthood
as resilient as seasoned hickory
as seedy as a fig
as sharp and incisive as the stroke of a fang
as sober as a judge
as soon as Leonard learned to talk he was taught to recite the first words of the Shema, the creed of Judaism which originated on Sinai with Moses and is recited daily
as the glycerides in fat slowly decompose the acid value increases
as the intensity increased the sensation changed from tickle to pain
as the jumper neared the ground he lost control
as the process of Nazification spread they paid less attention to public opinion
as the project wore on she found her enthusiasm shriveled
as the saying goes...
as the sun moved he readjusted the shade
as the wedding day drew near
as theories go, that's a dead duck
as they approached the finish line they were neck and neck
as they say in the trade
as unalike as two people could be
as unattractive as most mining regions
as unconvincing as a forced smile
as unperceptive as a boulder
as unstoppable as the wind
as usual, she arrived late
as we drove along, the beautiful scenery now and then attracted his attention
as white as fresh snow
as wide asunder as pole from pole
ascertainable facts
ascetic practices
asdic is an acronym for antisubmarine detection investigation committee
aseptic surgical instruments
aseptic surgical techniques
asexual reproduction
ash marked the believers' foreheads
ashamed to have to recognize how unchristianly his assumptions and motives are
ask a nonsensical question and get a nonsensical answer
ask a question
ask for trouble
asked an unpremeditated question
asked for a collar on program trading in the stock market
aspects of social, political, and economical life
asphalt the driveway
asphaltic residues
asphyxiating gasses
asphyxiation is sometimes used as a form of torture
aspirate the wound
assassinators of kings and emperors
assaults on nuclear power plants is one form of nuclear terrorism
assemble your colleagues
assenting to the Congressional determination
assiduous research
assigned duties
assigned personnel
assimilative capacity of the human mind
assimilative processes
associates in the law firm bill at a lower rate than do partners
associative learning
assorted sizes
assume that the topological space is finite dimensional
assumed husbandly duties like mowing the lawn
assuming that the distinction is maintained one may ask which is to be analytically prior?
assumption that nature operates only according to a providential plan
assumptive beliefs
asternal ribs
astonishingly reproducible results can be obtained
astounded viewers wept at the pictures from the Oklahoma City bombing
astringent cosmetic lotions
astrological chart
astronomers say that the empty space between planets actually contains measurable amounts of dust
astronomic telescope
astrophysical sciences
asymmetrical features
at 9-0 they have the best record in their league
at a distance of ten years he had forgotten many of the details
at a distinct (or decided) disadvantage
at a lazy pace
at a leisurely (or easygoing) pace
at a loss to understand those remarks
at a predetermined time
at a regular meeting of the PTA
at a tender age
at an early age
at an earlyish hour
at best we'll lose only the money
at cross-purposes
at first blush the idea possesses considerable intuitive appeal but on closer examination it fails
at first blush the offer seemed attractive
at first he didn't notice anything strange
at his touch the room filled with lights
at hopscotch, the best hoppers are the children
at incredible speed
at last he knew the truth
at least he survived
at least two hours studying the manual
at liberty to choose whatever occupation one wishes
at long last the winter was over
at night in bed...his slowly ranging thoughts...encountered her
at one time he loved her
at opposite poles
at regular (or uniform) intervals
at such junctures he always had an impulse to leave
at that early age she had been gullible and in love
at that juncture he had no idea what to do
at that moment nothing in the world seemed comparable to sleep
at that point I had to leave
at that time even Shakespeare was considered dangerous except in the expurgated versions
at that time the most advanced outpost was still east of the Rockies
at the end of the year the accounting department showed that it was a wash
at the expense of
at the funeral he spoke emotionally
at the halfway mark
at the height of her career
at the last minute the government changed the rules
at the moment of the murder, he is standing in front of television cameras and talking tactlessly
at the peak of the pyramid
at the present time the transmission is very often done hydraulically or pneumatically
at the pressing of a button
at the risk of being redundant I return to my original proposition
at the time appointed (or the appointed time)
at the time of its appearance, the movie must have seemed excitingly new, even revolutionary
at the top of his profession
at their edges things were pretty much unfocused
at twilight or any other time
at vast (or immense) expense
at what stage are the social sciences?
at worst we'll go to jail
ate a double portion
ate a light supper
ate a substantial breakfast
ate all the food
atheist leanings
atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life
atheromatous degeneration of the arteries
athirst for knowledge
athletic facilities
athletic playing
atmospheric pressure at sea level is 1013 millibars
atmospheric tests
atomic bombs
atomic formulas and all compounds thence constructible
atomic hydrogen
atomic structure
atomize perfume
atrazine is thought to cause cancer and is banned in some European countries
atrioventricular disease
atrocious taste
atrociously expensive
atrophic arthritis
attachment to a formal agenda
attacked wildly, slashing and stabbing over and over
attacks from that source amounted to a backhanded compliment to his integrity
attacks on stash houses is the most frequently used method of counterterrorism
attacks on women increased last year
attemper the air
attempted murder
attempts to explain the origin of evil in the world
attendance is mandatory
attendance is obligatory
attendance was up by 50 per cent
attendant circumstances
attendant members of the congregation
attending a motion picture show by the upper class was considered sluming in the early 20th century
attending yearlong courses
attentive to details
attenuation in the volume of the sound
attractive clothes
atypical behavior is not the accepted type of response that we expect from children
atypical clinical findings
atypical pneumonia
auburn hair
auctorial flights of imagination
audacious explorers
audacious visions of the total conquest of space
audit accounts and tax returns
auditory processing
auld lang syne
auricular fibrillation
auriferous quartz veins
austenitic alloy steel
authorial comments
authoritarian rulers are frequently capricious
authority for the program was renewed several times
authority is directional instead of coercive
authorized representative
autistic behavior
autistic children
autochthonous rocks and people and folktales
autocratic behavior
autocratic government
autoecious rust fungi
autologous blood donation
automate the movement of the robot
automatic transmission
automation increases productivity
automation replaces human workers by machines
automatize the production
automobile tires are usually made of rubber and filled with compressed air
automotive supplies
autonomic reflexes
autosomal gene
autumnal fruits
available in many colors
avenues lined with high-rise apartment buildings
average people
average-size house
averse to taking risks
aversive conditioning
avert a strike
averting danger was his responsibility
averting her gaze meant that she was angry
avid for adventure
avionics has become even more important with the development of the space program
avoiding the unwieldiness of formal legal processes
awake to the dangers of her situation
award for good citizenship
aware that he had exceeded the speed limit
away back in the 18th century
awe-struck
awed by the silence
awful worshippers with bowed heads
awkward (or embarrassing or difficult) moments in the discussion
awkward and reserved at parties
awned wheatgrass
awnless bromegrass
axe wood
axenic conditions
axial angle
axillary gland
axiomatic physics
axiomatic wisdom
azoic rocks contain not organic remains
azonal heating
babbling brooks
babelike innocence and dependence
babies are natural scene-stealers
baby rabbits
babyish tears and petulance
back (or hind) legs
back into the driveway
back issues of the magazine
back the car into the parking spot
back this enterprise
back-to-back home runs
backstairs gossip
backstairs intimacies
bacterial infection
bacterial infection of a Meibomian gland produces a stye
bad air
bad luck
bad luck caused his downfall
bad meat
bad teeth
badly injured
badly undernourished
badminton and other outdoor games
bag a few pheasants
baggy trousers
bake a cake
bake the potatoes
baked goods
baking is not my department
balance the two weights
bald-faced lies
bale hay
bales of rude cotton
ball wool
ballet dancers can rotate their legs out by 90 degrees
ballet is beautiful but what use is it?
ballistic missile
balmy days and nights
band the geese to observe their migratory patterns
bandage an incision
bandages on her cut wrists
banded cattle
bands of marauding Indians
bandy about an idea
banish bad thoughts
banish gloom
bank a fire
bank roads
bankable funds
bankers are reluctant to lend without good security
bankruptcy is always a possibility
baptismal font
baptized with a sprinkling of holy water
bar sinister
barbarian invaders
barbaric practices
barbaric use of color or ornament
barbecue over an open fire
barbed wire
bardic poetry
bare bodies
bare feet
bare hills
bare rocky hills
bare uncarpeted floors
bare wood
bare your breasts
bare your feelings
barelegged children on the beach
baritone oboe
barium sulfate is radiopaque
barometric pressure
barred doors
barreled beer
barren lands
barricade the streets
barricaded the street with burnt-out cars
basal placentation
basaltic magma is fluid
base a claim on some observation
base and unpatriotic motives
base coins of aluminum
baseball is a team sport by golf is not
baseball rightfully is the nation's pastime
baseborn wretches with dirty faces
based on solid facts
based on the wrong assumptions
baseless gossip
bases include oxides and hydroxides of metals and ammonia
basic changes in public opinion occur because of changes in priorities
basic dyes have an affinity for wool and silk
basic training for raw recruits
basinal deposits
baste a hem
baste a roast
bat one's eyelids
bat the ball
bate hides and skins
bathe daily
baths can help the laxness of the bowels
baths with tiled walls
batiste is a cotton fabric with a fine weave
batten down a ship's hatches
batten ships
battered trumpets and raddled radios
battle dress
bawdy songs
be alert at night especially in unfamiliar surroundings
be careful crossing the street
be careful not to solarize the photographic film
be careful to keep her shoes clean
be certain to disconnect the iron when you are through
be fruitful and multiply
be kept advised
be prepared for emergencies
be sure of it; give me the ocular proof
be sure to give my respects to the dean
be sure to lock the doors
be sure your shirt is right side out
be taken drunk
bead the wedding gown
beads of sweat on his forehead
beaming parents
bean curd
bear a grudge
bear a heavy load
bear a resemblance
bear a scar
bear a signature
bear news
bearded wheatgrass
bearing a general resemblance to the original
bearing orders
bears are asocial secretive animals
bears cub every year
bears in brumal sleep
beastly desires
beat a path through the forest
beat back the invaders
beat on the door
beat one's breast
beat one's foot rhythmically
beat swords into ploughshares
beat the cream
beat the drum
beat the egg whites
beat the living hell out of him
beat the subway fare
beat the table with his shoe
beaten black and blue
beaten gold
beatific peace
beautiful country
beautifully fashioned dresses
beautifully gowned women
beautify yourself for the special day
became all attention
became aware of her surroundings
became conscious that he was being followed
became more and more haunted by the stupid riddle
became more exigent over his pronunciation
became panicky as the snow deepened
became the fiercest and most reckless of partisans
became very animated when he heard the good news
because of conditions in the mine, miners are predisposed to lung disease
because of its configuration Vela is sometimes called `the Sails'
because of the scandal the school has fallen into disrepute
because some portions of the cover page are printed in red ink a preliminary prospectus is sometimes called a red herring
bed sores are a common complication in cases of paralysis
beefed-up sales efforts
bees filled the waxen cups with honey
bees hive honey and pollen
bees were buzzing around the hive
beetle brows
before a woman gives birth her waters break
before every scene he ran down his checklist of props
before it was known that they were the same object the evening star was called Venus and the morning star was called Lucifer
before the set of sun
before they publish any book they try to determine the size of the market for it
before we had newspapers, a town crier would cry the news
beg money and food
beg the point in the discussion
beg the question
began her professional career after the Olympics
began the slide show with some introductory remarks
beggars pullulated in the plaza
beggars waited just outside the entryway to the cathedral
begin a cigar
begin a new chapter in your life
beginning to feel sleepy
behaved like an irresponsible idiot
behaved naughtily when they had guests and was sent to his room
behavior befitting a father
behavior quite unrepresentative (or atypical) of the profession
behavior that branded him as common
behavior unbefitting a father
behavior worthy of reprobation
behavioral sciences
behavioristic psychology
behind by two points
behind the house lay two nude figures grotesquely bald, with deliberate knife-slashes marking their bodies
behind you the coastal hills plunge to the incredibly blue sea backed by the Turkish mountains
behold Christ!
being a precariously dominant minority is a difficult position for human nature to cope with
being hospitalized can be confusing and distressing for a small child
being in office already gives a candidate a great advantage
being unemployed is a most unattractive prospect
being uninvolved he remained objective
belabor the obvious
belief in a world filled with...formless but often malevolent beings
believed in witches and malign spirits
believed that our earthly life is all that matters
believed the profession of a peregrine typist would have a happy future
belittling comments
bell cows
bell-bottomed trousers
bellicose young officers
belligerent (or warring) nations
bells and gongs chimed
bells were pealing
belowground storage areas
belt your trousers
bench the poodles at the dog show
bend the rod
bend your knees
beneath the rumbustious surface of his paintings is sympathy for the vulnerability of ordinary human beings
beneficial effects of a balanced diet
benficiate ores
benighted (or nighted) travelers hurrying toward home
benighted ages of barbarism and superstition
benign intentions
bent nails
bent on going to the theater
bentwood chairs
bequeathed to the nation in perpetuity
bereft of hope
berserk with grief
best grief is tongueless
best of all, we don't have any homework!
bestial treatment of prisoners
bestow an honor on someone
bestow honors and prizes at graduation
beta software
beta software is usually available only to particular users who will test it
betrayed by a word haply overheard
better suited to the job
better than anything previously proposed
better-looking than her sister
between him and the dim light a form was outlined faintly
between two consonants, this liquid is vowelized
bevel the surface
bewildered and confused
bewildered by the old go-as-you-please liberty of alliterative rhythm
bewitching smile
beyond any doubt
beyond any stretch of his understanding
beyond compare
beyond my ken
biaxial crystals
biblical Hebrew
biblical costumes
biblical inerrancy
biblical names
biblical styles in writing
bicentennial celebration
bicuspid leaves
bicuspid teeth
bid farewell
bide a wee
bifocal eyeglasses
big bold piano sounds
big business is growing so powerful it is difficult to regulate it effectively
big businesses
big eater
big man on campus
big spender
big talk
big-bodied
big-shouldered and heavy-armed
big-ticket items like cars and furs
bigotry is a virus that must not be allowed to spread
bilabial fricatives
bilateral castration results in sterilization
bilingual education
billowy storm clouds
bills of attainder are prohibited by the Constitution of the United States
bimonthly visits
bin Laden issued three fatwahs calling upon Muslims to take up arms against the United States
binate leaves
binaural hearing
bind the books in leather
binocular vision
binomial expression
binomial nomenclature of bacteria
biochemically interesting phenomenon
biographical data
biological child
biological nomenclature
biological weapons are considered too inhumane to be used
biologically related
biomedical research laboratory
biotechnology produced genetically altered bacteria that solved the problem
bipedalism made the human form of birth possible
biradially symmetrical
birds are nesting outside my window every Spring
birds flew zigzag across the blue sky
birds migrate in the Winter
birds were singing and the child sang as sweetly
birds with gay plumage
bisect a line
bishoprics were received as appanages for the younger sons of great families
bisulcate hoof
bites of black flies are more than irritating; they can be very painful
bitt the ship line
bitter about the divorce
bitter cold
bitter enemies
bitter words
bituminous coal
bituminous coal is often treated as a consistent and homogeneous product
bivariate binomial distribution
black accusatory looks
black bombazine is frequently used for mourning garments
black buttony eyes
black deeds
black hair plastered with pomade
black humor
black leather jackets
black looks
black lost the exchange
black propaganda
black smoke coiling up into the sky
black walnut kernels are difficult to get out of the shell
black words
black-and-white blooms
black-and-white film
black-and-white stripes
black-bordered handkerchief
black-seeded
blackened rafters
blackish clouds
blacksmiths are good hitters
blacktop the driveway
bladed arsenopyrite
blameworthy if not criminal behavior
blank pages
blank stupidity
blank, curtainless windows stared back at her
blanket sanctions against human-rights violators
blaspheme God
blasphemous rites of a witches' Sabbath
blast a passage through the mountain
blast a tunnel through the Alps
blatant disregard of the law
blatant radios
blathering like the addlepated nincompoop that you are
blaze a trail
bleach the laundry
bleak winds of the North Atlantic
bleed the radiators
bleeding cerebrally
blend the nuts and raisins together
bless your little heart
blessed with a land rich in minerals
blighted urban districts
blind as an eyeless beggar
blind faith
blind hatred
blind jealousy is a frequent corollary of passionate love
blind to a lover's faults
blind to the consequences of their actions
blinding headlights
blink away tears
blissful young lovers
blistering criticism
blistering sun
blithely unconcerned about his friend's plight
block a garment
block a muscle
block a nerve
block a plate for printing
block an attack
block grants reduce federal responsibility for social welfare
block out the strong sunlight
block the book cover
block the graphs so one can see the results clearly
block the signals emitted by this station
block the way
block the wheels of a car
block trains
blond Scandinavians
blood and other vital fluids
blood carries oxygen and nutrients to the tissues and carries away waste products
blood from his cut forehead
blood pressure is homeostatically regulated
blood stagnates in the capillaries
blood was drawn from the antecubital region
blood-and-guts football
blooded Jersies
bloodless surgery
bloodshot eyes
bloodsucking blackmailer
bloodthirsty yells
bloody your hands
bloody-minded tyrants
blotchy skin
blow a horse
blow on the soup to cool it down
blow one's nose
blow up an image
blown clouds of dust choked the riders
blown soil mounded on the window sill
blowy weather
blubber cheeks
blubber lips
blue blood
blue chips are usually safe investments
blue haze of tobacco smoke
blue jokes
blue language
blue laws
blue paint dashed with white
blue turquoise is valued as a gemstone
bluejays called to one another
blunt but well-meant criticism
blunt talking and straight shooting
blunt the knives
blunted emotions
blushful mists
blustering (or blusterous) winds of Patagonia
board up windows before the hurricane
boards rotten through and through
boats are aquatic vehicles
bobtail mare
bodiless ghosts
bodily existence
bodily functions
bodily needs
boil potatoes
boil this liquid until it evaporates
boil wool
boiling mad
boisterous practical jokes
boisterous winds and waves
bold handwriting
bold settlers on some foreign shore
bolster morale
bolt fabric
bolt the door
bomb tests resulted in the annihilation of the atoll
bombers were put on alert during the crisis
bombproof shelter
bombs are a terrorist's calling cards
bombs fell at random
bonderize steel
bone the turkey before roasting it
bone-crushing
bone-dry leaves are a fire hazard
bonnets smothered with flowers
bony fish
book fair
books on that shelf are unrenewable
books were his teachers
boon companions
boost the voltage in an electrical circuit
boot your computer
boot-up instructions are written on the hard disk
bootleg tapes of the diva's singing
booze will be the finish of him
borderline grades
bore the brunt of the attack
bored stiff
bored with life
boric acid
boringly slow work
born of a redoubtable family
born two years apart
botanical garden
botany is a branch of biology
both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products
both ends wrote at the same time
both girls are pretty
both oil and coal are there but not in getatable locations
both parties agreed on the excision of the proposed clause
both sides were deeply in earnest, even passionate
both teams scored in the first quarter
both those for and against are fervently convinced they speak for the great majority of the people
bottle collection is a hobby of hers
bottle the mineral water
bottom member of the class
bottom the chairs
bottom-up parser
bottomless dancers
bottomless pajamas consisting simply of a long top opening down the front
bottomless pockets
bottommost shelf
bought a secondhand (or used) car
bought some made goods at the local store; rope and nails
bouldery beaches
bounce a ball
bounce a check
bouncy tunes
bound and gagged hostages
bound to happen
bound up in her teaching
bound volumes
bountiful compliments
bowdlerize a novel
bowed down by the weight of responsibility
bowed down with troubles
bowelless readiness to take advantage
box the gift, please
boxed announcements in the newspaper
boxed cigars
boxed sections of the report
boxes with corresponding dimensions
boys from a deprived environment, wherein the family life revealed a pattern of neglect, moral degradation, and disregard for law
boys in mock battle
boys in the village have probably been shooting vermin
boys telling dirty jokes
boys who once pulled rickshaws now pedal pedicabs
boys with scrubbed necks and faces
brace your elbows while working on the potter's wheel
brachial artery
bracket bookshelves
brads are headless nails
braid a collar
braid hair
braided cordage
brains and computers are often considered analogous
brainwashed prisoners of war
braise beef
brake the car before you go into a curve
branded cattle
branded criminal
branded merchandise is that bearing a standard brand name
brandish a sword
brash immodest boasting
brash, unprincipled, and conscienceless
brashly, she asked for a rebate
brass is an alloy of zinc and copper
brassbound party loyalists
brassbound traditions
brave banners flying
bravely he went into the burning house
brazen arrogance
brazen it out
brazen painted faces
bread is baked on the premises
bread the pork chops before frying them
breadfruit has the same texture as bread
break a branch from a tree
break a circuit
break a fall
break a law
break a lucky streak
break a promise
break a record
break an alibi
break cigarette smoking
break down a proof
break into a song
break into a yodel
break into tears
break off the negotiations
break the code
break the cycle of poverty
break up kidney stones
breakable articles should be packed carefully
breast the storm
breathing air fouled and darkened with factory soot
breathless at thought of what I had done
breathless from running
breathtaking adventure
brecciate rock
brecciated rock
bridal gown
bridal procession
bridge a river
bridges in urgent need of repair
bridle horses
brief, mannered and unlifelike idiom
briefly, we have a problem
bright beady eyes
bright bubbly children
bright dress
bright faces
bright silver candlesticks
brightly beams our Father's mercy from his lighthouse evermore
brilliant chandeliers
brilliant leadership mired in details and confusion
brilliant tapestries
brilliantly plumaged parrots
brim a cup to good fellowship
bring charges
bring comments
bring on the birthday cake
bring out a book
bring out the truth
bring the legs together overhead
bring up an unpleasant topic
bring up children
bring water to the boiling point
bringing up children is never easy
bristling leaves
bristly exchanges between the White House and the press
bristly shrubs
brittle bones
broad daylight
broad fields lay stretched on both sides of us
broad shoulders
broad-hipped
broad-leafed
broad-shouldered
broadcast seeds
broadcast the news
broaden the road
broaden your horizon
brocaded silk
broil fish
broken (or unkept) promises
broken English
broken clouds
broken contracts
broken health resulting from alcoholism
broken lines of defense
broken sleep
broken sobs
broken sunshine
broken terrain
broken-field running
brokers created a factitious demand for stocks
bromidic sermons
bronchial pneumonia
bronchial tubes
bronze baby shoes
brotherly feelings
brought low
brought to you live from Lincoln Center
brought up to be aggressive and defiant
brown anonymous houses
brown iris...slashed with yellow
brown the meat in the pan
brown wintry grasses
brown-capped mushrooms
browse a computer directory
bruise the berries with a wooden spoon and strain them
brush aside the objections
brush away the crumbs
brush the bread with melted butter
brush the dust from the jacket
brush the objections aside
brushlike blue blooms
brushy undergrowth
brutal beatings
brute force
bubble gas through a liquid
bubble to the surface
bubbling champagne
bubonic plague
buck the trend
buckram the skirt
budget separately for goods and services
budgetary considerations
buff my shoes
buff the wooden floors
buffered saline solution for the eyes
bugle beads all aglitter
build a defense on nothing but the accused person's reputation
build a million-dollar business
build a modern nation
build a reputation
build detergents
build up confidence
build up your savings
bulbar paralysis
bulging out convexly
bulletproof glass
bulletproof the car
bulletproof vest
bullets snapped past us
bullets were fired into the crowd at random
bullfrogs became lethargic with the first cold nights
bump and grind
bumper-to-bumper traffic
bumpkinly country boys
bundled-up sailors and soldiers
buoyant balloons
buoyant balsawood boats
buoyant spirits
bureaucratic mummification in red tape
burglarious tools
burke an issue
burlesque theater
burn a CD
burn garbage
burn off calories through vigorous exercise
burned alive
burned their lousy clothes
burning issues of the day
burnt sienna
burred fruits
burrow through the forest
burst headlong through the gate
bus service is in operation during the emergency
bushed after all that exercise
bushwhacking guerrillas attacking from ambush
bushy locks
business brisked up
business competition can be fiendish at times
business is booming
business is dull (or slow)
business is good today
business letters are usually single-spaced
business loans are usually repayable in regular installments
business still pending
businessmen have to face harsh realities
businessmen of every stripe joined in opposition to the proposal
bustling about self-importantly making an officious nuisance of himself
busy about other people's business
busy with her work
but at any rate he got a knighthood for it
but there is always the famous example of the Smiths
but there is still a twilight zone, the tantalizing occurrences that are probably noise but might possibly be a signal
but wroth as he was, a short struggle ended in reconciliation
butter bread
butterflied shrimp
buttery praise
button a shirt
button the dress
button-shaped white flowers
buttons and needles are notions
buttress your thesis
buy outright
buying and selling fill their days
buying bargain-priced clothes for the children
by 800 BC the entire Aegean had adopted this style of pottery
by all accounts they were a happy couple
by all odds they should win
by and large it doesn't rain much here
by contrast
by diplomatic conduct he avoided antagonizing anyone
by fair means or foul
by increasing its circulation the newspaper hoped to increase its advertising
by love possessed
by main strength
by no stretch of the imagination
by royal decree
by the age of seventeen I was a full-fledged atheist
by the logic of war
by the time he got back to his coffee it was stone-cold
by the time the child faced the actual problem of reading she was familiar and at ease with all the elements words
bygone days
cabalistic symbols engraved in stone
cabbage patch dolls are no longer popular
cabbage patch dolls were hot last season
cable trees
cacti are xerophytic plants
calcimine the walls
calcium carbonate occurs in the allomorphs calcite and aragonite
calculable odds
calender paper
calendered paper
calendric systems
calibrate a gun
calibrate an instrument
calico dresses
calisthenics is recommended for general good health
calk horse shoes
call a football game
call a runner out
call balls and strikes behind the plate
call collect
call down the spirits from the mountain
call heads or tails!
call in sick
call in to a radio station
call me Bob for short
call me only if your cold gets worse
call the speaker on a question of fact
call up memories
callable bonds
called for additional troops
called for unstinting aid to Britain
caller fish
calling a meeting is a political act in itself
calling his seduction of the girl a `score' was a typical example of male slang
calloused skin
calm as a child in dreamless slumber
calm seas
calorifacient chili peppers
came at the usual time
came back rested from her vacation
came down for the wedding
came earlier than I expected
came forth a quaint and fearful sight
came forth from the crowd
came out flat for less work and more pay
came riding home in style
came to a dead stop
came to a different conclusion
came to an abrupt stop
came to the party after all
came up the lightless stairs
came upon the diamond unawares
camels are tough and hardy creatures
camels hate leaving their mates
campaigning in his own behalf
campanulate flowers of the genus Campanula
camphoraceous odor
camphorated oil
camphoric liniments
camping in the open
campy Hollywood musicals of the 1940's
can I stay bit longer?
can cause shortness of breath
can do only so much in a day
can the singular person be understood apart from his culture?
can this image be resolved?
can we couple these proposals?
can you give me lessons?
can you go in my stead?
can you make me an omelette?
can you pinpoint the position of the enemy?
can you remember her phone number?
can you shed light on this problem?
can you superimpose the two images?
can you take me to the main entrance?
can you unravel the mystery?
can't you carry me decent?
canaliculate leafstalks of certain plants
cancel cheques or tickets
cancel the dinner party
candidates must compete in a trial of skill
candidly, I think she doesn't have a conscience
candied grapefruit peel
candles alight on the tables
canicular days
canned laughter
cannibalistic behavior
cannot forbear to close on this redolent literary note
cannot live by bread alone
canoe along the canal
canonist communism
canons of polite society
capable of bating his enthusiasm
capable of hard work
capable of walking on two feet
capable of winning
caparison the horses for the festive occasion
capital A
capitalistic exploitation of the working class
capitalistic methods and incentives
capitular estates
capped teeth gave her a beautiful smile
caprine creatures
capsulize the news
captive audiences for TV commercials can become brainwashed consumers
capture an idea
capture the essence of Spring
car theives know how to bypass the ignition interlock
carbo loading is used by endurance athletes just before competing
carbon and sulfur and phosphorus are allotropic elements
carbon monoxide combines with hemoglobin and displaces oxygen in the blood
carboniferous rock system
carbonize coal
carburize metal
carcinoma in situ
cardboard caricatures of historical figures
cardiac arrest
cardinal numbers
cardiologic evidence
cardiopulmonary resuscitation
cardiovascular conditioning
care had aged him
care must be exercised when this substance is to be deflagrated
career-minded
carefree millionaires, untroubled financially
carefree with his money
careful about one's behavior
careful art restorers
careful cleaning was responsible for the enhanced value of the painting
careful forethoughtful planning
careful of her feelings
careful of the rights of others
careful tinning of the ends of wires results in a better joint when you solder them
careful with money
careful, the floor is waxy
carefully landscaped gardens
carefully taped pieces of glass served as a windowpane
careless about her clothes
careless and untidy in her personal habits
careless grace
careless of the consequences
careless proofreading
carelessly raised the children's hopes without thinking of their possible disappointment
caring friends
carnal knowledge
carnal remains
carnivorous plants are capable of trapping and digesting small animals especially insects
carousing bands of drunken soldiers
carpenter bees are boring holes into the wall
carpet the floors of the house
carpetbag adventurers
carrier-based planes
carrot and stick
carrots are good for you
carry a cause
carry dehydrated food on your camping trip
carry on--pretend we are not in the room
carry out a task
carry scars
carry the suitcases to the car
carry too far
cars can be rented at almost any airport
cars comparable with each other in terms of fuel consumption
cars identical except for their license plates
cars in an unbroken procession
carve one's name into the bark
carved cedarn doors
carved into the living stone
carved out of solid rock
cash-and-carry business
cashable gambling chips
cashier the literal sense of this word
cashier's checks are as good as cash
cassocked monks
cast a ballot
cast a bronze sculpture
cast a spell
cast a vote
cast a warm light
cast anxious glances behind her
cast fearful glances at the large dog
cast lots
cast the deciding vote
cast the decisive vote
casting covetous eyes on his neighbor's fields
casual clothes
casual employment
casualties were light
cataclysmic nuclear war
cataleptic persons
cataleptic state
catalysts are said to reduce the energy of activation during the transition phase of a reaction
catalytic activity
catalytic reactions
catalytically stabilized combustion of propane
catarrhal fever is any of several respiratory or oral diseases of livestock such as bluetongue in horses and sheep
catastrophes make good copy
catastrophic illness
catastrophically complex
catch fire
catch one's breath
catch the mood
catching cold is sometimes unavoidable
catchpenny ornaments
catenulate bacterial cell colonies
catering facilities
catheterize the patient's bladder
cathodic deposition of metals
catholic in one's tastes
cats are clean animals
cats have retractile claws
cats were his greatest antipathy
caudal appendage
caudal fins
caught bareheaded by the downpour
caught by a couple of alert cops
caught driving with an expired license
caught in an off-guard moment
caught in the mire of poverty
caught in the police dragnet
caught in the tentacles of organized crime
caught red-handed
caught the general drift of the conversation
caught up in the excitement of the crowd
caught up in the scandal
cauline leaves
caulk the window
causally efficacious powers
cause a commotion
cause an accident
caustic jokes about political assassination, talk-show hosts and medical ethics
celebrate Christmas
celebrating after the game was a blast
celebrities as diverse as Bob Hope and Bob Dylan
celestial beings
celestial map
celestial peace
celibate priests
cell differentiation in the developing embryo
cell-free systems
cells differentiate
cells mutate
cellular physiology
cellular walls
cellulosic fibers
censurable misconduct
centennial celebration
centralized control of emergency relief efforts
centralized government
centrifugal force
centripetal force
cere a corpse
cereal grasses
cereals must be protected from mice and other vermin
cerebellar artery
cerebral activity
cerebral drama
cerebral hemisphere
cerebrally active
cerebrospinal fluid
ceremonial garb
certain animals estivate
certain breeds do not make good pets
certain disabling restrictions disqualified him for citizenship
certain highly specialized xerophytes are extremely exacting in their requirements
certain insects are said to blow
certain lenses are bicylindrical
certain machine tool operations
certain members have not paid their dues
certain preconceived notions
certain representations were made concerning police brutality
certain to make history before he's done
certain types of problems have unique solutions
certificated teachers
certified as unfit for army service
certified grade AAA meat
cervical cancer
chagrined at the poor sales of his book
chain up the prisoners
chairs arranged for his own convenience
chalk dust covered the teacher's hands
champagne glasses clinked to make a toast
change per unit volume
changeable behavior
changeable moods
changeable prices
changeable taffeta
changed attitudes
changed styles of dress
changes of great if uncertain consequences
channel information towards a broad audience
channelize a stream
channelize the country for better transportation
chant mystically
chaos could be prevented only by clear-sighted leadership
chapped lips
characteristic alpine floral elements
charge a conductor
charge all weapons, shields, and banners
charge the wagon with hay
charged particles
charges of litigiousness and widespread perjury
charges of opposite sign
charitable to the poor
charming in its pastoral setting
charming incantations
chart the data
chart the territory
charts of bloodless economic indicators
chary of the risks involved
chase silver
chasing rainbows
chatoyant (or shot) silk
chaw tobacco
cheapjack moviemaking...that feeds on the low taste of the mob
cheating is dishonorable
cheating is wrong
check into the rumor
check the brakes
check the spelling of this word
check the time of the class
check your facts
check your luggage before boarding
cheerfully bearing reproaches but shamefaced at praise
cheese the yarn
chemical balance
chemical engineer
chemical fertilizer
chemical weathering was beginning to attack the unweathered bedrock
chemically different substances
chemically fertilized
chemically related
chemicals could kill all the wildlife
chemisorption of gaseous nitrogen on iron catalysts
chemistry is not my cup of tea
cherish their official political freedom with fierce jealousy
chestnut hair
chesty as a peacock
chewy caramels
chic elegance
childish tantrums
childlike charm
childlike trust
childproof locks
childproof the apartment
children are customarily expected to be seen but not heard
children are often the quickest and most responsive members of the audience
children are precious
children are talented undoers of their shoelaces
children as young as 14 can be extremely capable and dependable
children being brought up in an entirely profane environment
children bound for school
children can manage snaps better than buttons
children compliant with the parental will
children in an unstructured environment often feel insecure
children in somber brown clothes
children in the advanced classes in elementary school read far above grade average
children muffled almost to the eyebrows
children must be taught to conserve our national heritage
children need a lot of love
children of the same familial background
children properly outfitted for school
children should do well by their parents
children six and under will be admitted free
children skating on a frozen brook
children were subdued and silent
children with boundless energy
children with clean shining faces
chimeras are nonexistent
chip a tooth
chip the glass
chisel the marble
chivalric rites
chlorinate a pool
chlorinated water
chloroform was the first inhalation anesthetic
chock the boat
choice wine
choice wines
chok'd with ambition of the meaner sort
choke a carburetor
choking exasperation and wordless shame
choose an attainable goal
chop a hole in the ground
chop meat
chopped clams
chopped meat
choppy prose
choppy seas
choral composition
choral ensemble
chorally accompanied
chordal assonance in modern music
chordal rather than contrapuntal music
choreography that was sobersided and sententious
chose the better of the two
chose the farthest seat from the door
chowder chockablock with pieces of fish
chromatic lens
chromatically pure
chrome bathroom fixtures
chromosomal defect
chromosomes are distributed by spindles in mitosis and meiosis
chromosomes exhibit characteristic bands
chronic indigestion
chronic money problems
chronically ill persons
chronological age
chuck the ball
church a woman after childbirth
church bells were ringing all over town
churchlike silence
churlish as a bear
chyliferous vessels
cigarettes kill
cinch horses
cinder blocks are called breeze blocks in Britain
cinematize history
cinnamon sticks
circadian rhythms
circle the globe
circular-knit sweaters without seams
circulate a rumor
circulating bills and coins
circumferential highways around cities
circumspect actions
cited various reasons for his behavior
cities riddled with corruption
city kids get to see the country at a summer camp
city life
citywide bussing
civic center
civic duties
civic pride
civic problems
civic-minded
civil affairs
civil authorities
civil branches of government
civil disobedience
civil liberty
civil peoples
civil rights
civil strife
civilian clothing
civilian life
civilians were strafed in an effort to force the country's surrender
civilization presupposes respect for the law
clad in her queenly raiment
claimants of unemployment compensation
claimed the body of the executed traitor
clamant needs
clammy weather
clamp the chair together until the glue has hardened
clandestine intelligence operations
clanging metal
clanking chains
clannish loyalty
clap two boards together
clarify beer
clarify the butter
clarify the mystery surrounding her death
clashing colors
clashing interests of loggers and conservationists
classic Chinese pottery
classic double-breasted suit
classical Greek
classical Marxism
classical music
classical mythology
classicism often derived its models from the ancient Greeks and Romans
classificatory criteria
classify poetry psychologically
classy clothes
clattering dishes
clausal structure
clean bouncy hair
clean dishes
clean expository writing
clean forgot the appointment
clean grain before milling it
clean healthy air
clean it well, preferably with warm water
clean off the dirt
clean up before you see your grandparents
clean up the spills
clean water
clean white shirts
clean your fingernails before dinner
clean-scented laundry
cleaner and more efficient engines
cleanly in their persons and habitations
clear a debt
clear a memory buffer
clear customs
clear footprints in the snow
clear glass
clear laughter like a waterfall
clear mind
clear nongranular cytoplasm
clear plastic bags
clear reds and blues
clear the leaves from the lawn
clear the patrons from the theater after the bomb threat
clear the water before it can be drunk
clear water
clear-cut an acre of forest
clear-cut evidence of tampering
clear-cut hillsides are subject to erosion
cleared land
cleared streets free of fallen trees and debris
cleared the mess away
clearly indisposed to grant their request
cleat a line
cleat running shoes for better traction
cleave the bone
clement weather
clench a steering wheel
clench one's jaw
clergymen are usually called ministers in Protestant churches
clerical collar
clerical skills
clerical work
clever fictional devices
clicking on the icon calls up the program
client complaints create a felt need for the defensibility of individual actions
cliffs riddled with caves
climatic changes
climbed aloft to unfurl the sail
climbing carefully up the unsteady ladder
clinch a deal
clinched a victory
clinical case study
clinical observation
clip the papers together
clip-on earrings
clipped hedges
cloak-and-dagger activities behind enemy lines
cloaked monks
clogged pipes
clogged up freeways
cloister the garden
clonic spasm
close a book
close a wound
close fraternal ties
close kin
close quarters
close supervision
close the circuit
close to noon
close up an umbrella
close up the shop
close with the enemy
close-clipped lawns
close-grained birch
close-knit little villages
close-set eyes
close-set teeth
closed primaries strengthen party unity
closed-angle glaucoma can cause a rapid buildup of high intraocular pressure that results in permanent visual damage in a couple of days
closed-circuit television
closely related taxonomically
closely timed intervals
closing remarks
clothed and in his right mind
clothes as ragged as a scarecrow's
clothes damp with perspiration
clothes in bad shape
clothes in quiet good taste
clothing could be had for the taking
clothing sizes for husky boys
clotted blood
cloture the discussion
cloud-capped mountains
cloud-wrapped peaks
clouds of blossoms
cloudy skies
club hair
clubs were declared trumps
clubs were trumps
clumsy fingers
clumsy wooden shoes
cluster bombs cannot be targeted precisely
coagulated blood
coal gas is produced by the gasification of coal
coal is a hard black material
coalescent bones
coalescent tradititions
coarse and licentious men
coarse language
coarse meal
coarse sand
coarse-grained wood
coarsen one's ideals
coarsen the surface
coastal erosion
coastal marshes
coastal shipping
coastal waters
coastwise winds contributed to the storm
coat the cake with chocolate
coated paper has a smooth polished coating especially suitable for halftone printing
cobble shoes
cochlear implant
cock one's head
cockney vowels
coddle eggs
codified written laws
coffee is preferable to tea
coffee production last year broke all previous records
cognate languages
cognitive psychology
cognitive style
cognitively skillful
coin phrases or words
coincident circles
cold fingers
cold fury gripped him
cold in his grave
cold is a vasoconstrictor
cold logic
cold-blooded and indurate to public opinion
cold-blooded killing
coldly intellectual
collaborative research
collapse the music stand
collar the dog
collate the papers
collateral evidence
collateral ridges of mountains
collateral target damage from a bombing run
collecting on a grand scale
collective farms
collegial harmony
collegiate attitudes
collegiate clothes
collegiate living
colligate these facts
collusion resulted in tax fixes for gamblers
color a lie
color film
color is unperceivable to the touch
color the walls with paint in warm tones
colored crepe paper
colorful autumn leaves
colorful language
colorize black and white film
colors dulled by too much sun
colossal crumbling ruins of an ancient temple
columnar construction
columnar forms
columns surmounted by statues
comate (or comose) seeds
comate royal palms
comatose breathing
comatose state
comb the wool
comb your hair
comb your hair before dinner
combine resources
combustion grew until revolt was unavoidable
combustion of leaded gasoline released lead into the air where it could cause lead poisoning
combustion products are exhausted in the engine
come at noon or thereabouts
come back after the rush
come closer, my dear!
come down here!
come here and give me a big hug
come here, please
come here, quick!
come in
come in out of the cold
come into contact with a terrorist group
come into the room
come out of the closet!
come over and see us some time
comely behavior
comes from a very musical family
comfortable but modest cottages
comfortable chairs arranged around the fireplace
comfortable clothes
comfortable suburban houses
comic hero
commercial TV
commercial diamonds
commercial grade of beef
commercial law
commercial oxalic acid
commercial paper
commercial trucker
commissioned broker
commit a faux-pas
commit a random act of kindness
committed church members
committed the fundamental error of confusing spending with extravagance
commodities are easy this quarter
common decency
common lands are set aside for use by all members of a community
common law originated in the unwritten laws of England and was later applied in the United States
common male fetishes are breasts, legs, hair, shoes, and underwear
common parlance
common sense of a most refreshing sort
commonplace everyday activities
commonsense scholarship on the foibles of a genius
communal elections in several European countries
communicable ideas
communicate a disease
communications is his major field of study
communicative arts
communism's Russian root
communist governments
communistic propaganda
community colleges are typically nonresidential
community interests
community leaders
communize the government
compact clusters of flowers
compact soil
compacting the soil to make it less porous
companionate marriage
comparative linguistics
comparison between human and porcine pleasures
comparison of foods on a caloric basis
compelling ambition
competent testimony
competition was pushing them to the wall
competitive games
compile a list
compilers must parse source code in order to translate it into object code
complained continually that there wasn't enough money
completely credible testimony
completely inappropriate behavior
completely practical in his approach to business
completely unresentful and forgiving
compliant and anxious to suit his opinions of those of others
complicated Middle East politics
complimentary tickets
compost organic debris
compound flower heads
compound leaves are composed of several lobes
compound the ingredients
comprehensible to the general reader
comprehensive coverage
compress the data
compressed air
compressed air is often used to power machines
compressible packing materials
compulsive drinking
computable odds
computational linguistics
computationally, this is a tricky problem
computer chess games are getting cheaper all the time; furthermore, their quality is improving
computer literate
computer with many desirable features
computerized dictionary
computers are fundamental to modern industrial structure
computers are now widely used in business
comrades in arms
concatenate characters
concatenate terms
concealed (or hidden) damage
concealed snugly in his hideout
concealing curtains prevented discovery
concentrate juice
concentrated his study on the nearby planet Venus
concentrated study
concentric circles are parallel
concentric rings
conceptual discussions
conceptually, the idea is quite simple
concern about the safety and efficacy of the vaccine
concerned parents of youthful offenders
concert one's differences
concerted action
conclusive proof
concoct a strange mixture
concrete objects such as trees
concrete that sets hard within a few hours
concrete the walls
concretely, this meant that he was broke
concurrently with the conference an exhibition of things associated with Rutherford was held
condense the contents of a book into a summary
condense the milk
condign censure
conditional acceptance of the terms
conditioning is a form of learning by association
conditions that precipitously increase the birthrate
condominiums were built on the developed site
conduct an orchestra; Barenboim conducted the Chicago symphony for years
conducted himself very badly at the time of the earthquake
cone a tire
conelike fruit
confessed under duress
confidence is always borrowed, never owned
confident of fulfillment
configure a plane for a combat mission
configure my new computer
confined himself to innocuous generalities
confirmation of the appointment
confirmed reservations
confiscated the misbranded drugs
conflicting opinions
conform to the rules
confused by the embedded Latin quotations
confused increased equipment and expenditure with the quantity of effective work done
confusion caused his unfortunate misstep
confusion incidental to a quick change
congestive heart disease
congregational membership
congregational singing
congressional hearing
conical mountains
conically shaped
conifer forests cover the eastern versant
conjugal visits
conjugate the verb
conjunct ideas
conjunct influences
conjunct motion of an ascending scale
conjunctive tissue in plants
conjurers are experts at misdirection
connate qualities
connective remarks between chapters
connective tissue in animals
connubial bliss
conquer a country
conquer one's desires
conquer your fears
conscience-smitten
conscientious application to the work at hand
conscious of having succeeded
conscious of his faults
conscious of preventable human suffering
consciousness during wakefulness in a sane person is pretty well ordered and familiar
consecrate your life to the church
consenting adults
consequences odious to those you govern
consequently, he didn't do it
conservatism has many voices
conservative people unaccustomed to informal dress
conserve your energy for the ascent to the summit
consider the advantages along with the disadvantages
consider the following, just as a hypothetical
consider the possibility of moving
consider what follows from the positivist view
consideration of the traffic problem took more than an hour
considerations entirely removed (or remote) from politics
considered helping with the dishes to be infra dig
considered such depravity offensive against all laws of humanity
consign your baggage
consolidate fibers into boards
consolidate one's gains
consolidate one's hold on first place
consolidate the companies various operations
consonantal alliteration
consonantal sounds
constant as the northern star
constant revision keeps the book au courant
constant stirring prevents it from burning on the bottom of the pan
constantly alert and vigilant, like a sentinel on duty
constantly kind and gracious
constitutional government
constitutional guarantees
constitutional walk
construct a paragraph
construct a proof
construct a sentence
construct an argument
construct an equilateral triangle
constructive criticism
constructive criticism is always appreciated
constructive permission
consummate a marriage
consummate happiness
consummate skill
consumptive fires
contact with the pier scraped paint from the hull
contained many long words
containment of communist expansion was a central principle of United States' foreign policy from 1947 to the 1975
contaminated evidence
contemplate one's navel
contemporaneously, or possibly a little later, there developed a great Sumerian civilisation
contemporary leaders
contemporary trends in design
contextual information
contiguous events
continental Europe
continental drift
continental waters
continue the family tradition
continued seeing him but on an unengaged basis
continued to have severe headaches and accordingly returned to the doctor
continuous change results in lack of memorability
contrabass or double-bass clarinet
contraceptive devices and medications
contracts offending against the statute were canceled
contractual obligations
contradictory attributes of unjust justice and loving vindictiveness
contrapuntal base
contrary to popular belief, glaucoma is not always caused by elevated intraocular pressure
contrasting (or contrastive) colors
contrastingly, both the rooms leading off it gave an immediate impression of being disgraced
contributed to the war effort
contrived coyness
control an account
control the budget
control the lever
control the quality of the product
control your anger
controlled emotions
convalescent children are difficult to keep in bed
conventional attitudes
conventional bourgeois lives
conventional forms of address
conventional warfare
conventional weapons
conventional wisdom
conventionalized behavior
conversant with business trends
conversely, not all women are mothers
conversion from Fahrenheit to Centigrade
convert all the measurements to metric units
convert centimeters into inches
convert holdings into shares
convert hotels into jails
convert lead into gold
convert slaves to laborers
convertible securities
conveyed from grantor to grantee
convincing victory
convoluted legal language
convoluted reasoning
convulsed with red rage
convulsions of laughter
convulsive laughter
convulsive motions
cook the books
cooking can be a great art
cooking is his forte
cooking was fine but it was the savoring that he enjoyed most
cool drinks
cool greens and blues and violets
cool summer dresses
cool to the idea of higher taxes
cool umbrageous woodlands
cooperation cannot be a one-way street
cooperation is a two-way street
coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues
coordinate our efforts
coordinate the painters, masons, and plumbers
copious provisions
copper-bottom a frying pan
copper-bottomed pots
copper-sheathed
copy that drawing
copy the genetic information
coral is a colonial organism
cord firewood
cordial relations
cordless telephone
core an apple
corn chips with peppery salsa
corn is bound in small sheaves and several sheaves are set up together in shocks
corn pudding
corn-fed livestock
corned beef
corner the gold market
coronary arteries
corporate rates
corporate structure
corporations have a stranglehold on the media
corporations responsible to nameless owners
corporeal suffering
corral the horses
corralling votes for an election
correct behavior
correct the alignment of the front wheels
corrective lenses
corrective measures
correlative conjunctions
corrosive cristism
corrugate iron
corrupt judges and their corrupting influence
corrupt the morals
corruptible judges
corruption of a minor
cortically induced arousal
corticofugal discharges
coruscations of great wit
cosmetic fenders on cars
cosmetic surgery
cosmic catastrophe
cosmic laws
cosmic rays
cosmogonic theories of the origin of the universe
cosmologic philosophy
cosmologic science
cosmological redshift
cosmopolitan in distribution
cost of lumber per running foot
costly jewelry
costumes were changed backstage
cottage industries are labor intensive
cottages along by the river
cotton to something
cotton, hay, and grain are field crops
cottony-white clouds
could be alone in a crowded room
could be seen clearly under the microscope
could hardly hear her breathed plea, `Help me'
could he walk out in the midst of his piece?
could hear his distant shouts only faintly
could not control the maddened crowd
could not remain the isolated figure he had been
could not walk without assistance
could not well refuse
could scarcely empty a scuttle of ashes, so handless was the poor creature
could see the sand on the bottom of the limpid pool
couldn't give the figures offhand
couldn't keep her eyes off the wanted toy
couldn't tell when he would be taken drunk
countable sins
counter conditioning lies behind many of the procedures used in behavior therapy
counterfeit emotion
counterfeit money
counterfeit rhetoric that flourishes when passions are synthetic
counterfeit works of art
countless hours
countrified clothes
country music
country-style sausage
countywide elections
courage born of desperation
courses in interior design were rare and undeveloped
courtroom formality
courts having jurisdiction in this district
cousins are collateral relatives
covalent bond
cover her face with a handkerchief
cover the child with a blanket
cover the grave with flowers
cover the meat with a lot of gravy
cover your head!
covered the matter in a brief statement
covered wagons
covered with a fine film of dust
covert actions by the CIA
covert funding for the rebels
cow's milk contains about 4.7% lactose
cowardly dogs, ye will not aid me then
cowboys know not to squat with their spurs on
cowboys with jangling spurs
cowl the boys and veil the girls
cows in India are running loose
cows ruminate
cows were strawed to weather the snowstorm
crabapples make a tangy jelly
crabs seeming to walk sidewise
crack a joke
crack a safe
cracker-barrel philosophy
crackers are often mistakenly called hackers
cradle gold
craftsmen whose skill is unequaled
cragfast climbers
cram books into the suitcase
cramp the wood
cramped quarters
cranial pressure
crank up the engine
crape the mirror
crapulent sleep
crate the paintings before shipping them to the museum
crazy about cars and racing
creaky stairs
creamy translucent pebbles
crease the paper like this to make a crane
create a furor
create a poem
creationism denies the theory of evolution of species
creative work
credentialled day care workers
credible information
creosoted wood
crested iris
crested oriole
crib a construction hole
crick your neck
cried aloud for help
crime buster
crimes of the heart
crimes...and other asocial behavior
criminal abuse
criminal behavior or conduct that violates the rights of other individuals is antisocial
criminal in the sight of God and man
criminal records need regular updating
criminals on the loose in the neighborhood
crimp hair
crimson with fury
crimson-robed Harvard professors
crisp clear nights and frosty mornings
crisp lettuce
crisp potato chips
crisp potatoes
crispness of fresh lettuce
crispness of new dollar bills
crisscross the sheet of paper
critical acclaim
critical mass
critical medical supplies
criticism directed at her superior
criticism tempered with kindly sympathy
criticism too polemically stated
criticized the candidate for not looking presidential
crochet a bedspread
crooked country roads
crooked malposed teeth
crooked teeth
crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil
cropped soil
crops can be great impairers of the soil
croquet the opponent's ball
cross a horse and a donkey
cross members should be all steel
cross your `t'
cross-linguistic evidence
cross-section views of the neck
crossed forks
crossed the river on improvised bridges
crosstown traffic
crowded the wild-eyed animals into a truck
crowded trains
crown my teeth
crucial information
crucial to the case
crucially important
crucially, he must meet us at the airport
crude behavior
crude oil
cruel and unusual punishment
cruel tortures
cruelty offended his sensibility
cruising three miles offshore
crumb a cutlet
crumb the table
crumbly cookies
crush an aluminum can
crushed velvet
crushing the blooms with regardless tread
crustose lichens
crusty remarks
cryonics is more science fiction than serious science
cryptic writings
crystal clear skies
crystalline sharpness of outline
crystallize minerals
cube the cheese
cubist art
cull out the interesting letters from the poet's correspondence
cull the sick members of the herd
culpable negligence
cultivate the land
cultivated blackberries
cultivated cabbage and wild cabbage are conspecific
cultivated land
cultivated roses
cultivated speech
cultural events
cultural roots
culturally integrated
cultured Bostonians
cultured tastes
cumbrous protective clothing
cunning kittens
cunning men often pass for wise
cup the milk
curable diseases
curare acts by blocking cholinergic transmission at the myoneural junction
curative powers of herbal remedies
curatorial duties
curb your dogs
curdled milk
cure cement
cure hay
cure meats
cure pickles
cure resin
cure soap
curious about the neighbor's doings
curious investigators
curl my hair, please
curled his lip in a supercilious smile
curled up on the foot of the bed
current events
current negotiations
current psychoanalytic theories
current through the primary coil induces current in the secondary coil
currently they live in Connecticut
curry tanned leather
cursed with four daughter
cursive script
curtail drinking in school
curtain the bedrooms
curtains and walls were color coordinated
curtains the same color as the walls
curvature of the spine
curvilinear motion
curvilinear tracery
cushion the blow
customers preconditioned to buy a product
customize a car
cut a Ping-Pong ball
cut a caper
cut a disk
cut a dress
cut a hole
cut a movie scene
cut a nice figure
cut a record
cut a ticket
cut along the dotted line
cut and paste the sentence in the text
cut away the branch that sticks out
cut bourbon
cut class
cut diamonds
cut flowers
cut from one scene to another
cut grain
cut my hair
cut off the ear
cut out the newspaper article
cut paper dolls
cut recording tape
cut the cloth breadthwise
cut the engine
cut the noise
cut the songs
cut tobacco
cut trenches
cut velvet
cut-rate goods
cutaneous nerves
cuts do not bother a good tennis player
cutthroat competition
cutting remarks
cutting-edge technology
cybernate a factory
cybernetic research
cycle the laundry in this washing program
cyclic flowers
cyclic petals
cyclonic cloud pattern
cyclonic destruction
cytoplasmic basophilia
dab the wall with paint
dabbling ducks
dachshunds are long lowset dogs with drooping ears
dacitic magma is highly viscous
dactylic meter
daffodils galore
daily routine
daily use of ibuprofen can irritate the stomach
daily, hourly, I grew stronger
dam buster
dam the gorges of the Yangtse River
damage to ganglion cells in the retina may play a role in the development of glaucoma
damaging to career and reputation
damascene city gates
damask is a double-faced fabric
damask table linens
damning with faint praise
dams were built for the generation of electricity
dance inspires him ceaselessly to strive higher and higher toward the shining pinnacle of perfection that is the goal of every artiste
danced with careless grace
dancers in two parallel rows
dancing all the dances with little rest between
danger heightened his powers of discrimination
dangerous surgery followed by a touch-and-go recovery
dangerous waters
dangers not yet appreciated
dangling their legs in the water to catch pretend fish
dank rain forests
daringly he took the first step
daringly, he set out on a camping trip in East Africa
dark as the inside of a black cat
dark colors like wine red or navy blue
dark eyes
dark glasses
dark green
dark shadows
dark starless nights
dark subfusc clothing
dark undercurrents of ethnic hostility
darken a room
darkish red
darkness enclosed him
darn socks
darting eyes looking sidelong out of a wizened face
dashed ambitions and hopes
dashed by the refusal
dashing harum-scarum all over the place
data plotted logarithmically with respect to time is shown in Figure 2
data tabulated overleaf
date and place are already determined
dateless customs
dateline a newspaper article
daub paint onto the wall
daub the ceiling with plaster
daub the wall
daughterly affection
dauntingly difficult
day-old bread is cheaper than fresh
daycare that is educational and not just custodial
days of danger and nights of waking
days of joyous recreation with his friends
dazzling snow
de facto apartheid is still operational even in the `new' African nations
de facto segregation is as real as segregation imposed by law
de jure recognition of the new government
de-escalate a crisis
de-iodinate the thyroxine
dead air
dead and rotten in his grave
dead capital
dead coals
dead right
dead set against intervening
dead soil
dead sounds characteristic of some compact discs
dead water
deaden a ship's headway
deaden a sound
deadened wine
deadly dull
deadly earnest
deadly poisons
deadpan humor
deaf to her warnings
deafen a room
deal a blow to someone
deal equally with rich and poor
deal fairly with one another
deal hashish
dealt straightforwardly with all issues
death gets more than its share of attention from theologians
death put a period to his endeavors
death throes
debate was closured
debauch the young people with wine and women
debt-ridden farmers struggling with adversity
debug this program
decalcify the rock
deceitful advertising
deceiving her preoccupied and doting husband with a young captain
deceiving the unsuspecting public
deceptive calm
decided to live apart
deciding to drop the atom bomb was a very big decision
deciduous teeth
decisions of great consequence are made by the president himself
decisions...appealable to the head of the agency
deck the halls with holly
declarable income
declare dividends
declaw a cat
declined even to consider the idea
decompress data
deconstructionist criticism
decontrol marijuana
decorated with imitation palm leaves
decorticate a tree branch
decouple our foreign policy from ideology
decrepit, colorless uneager things
decrepitate salts
dedicated teachers
dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal
deductible losses on sales or exchanges of property are allowable
deductive reasoning
deep carpets
deep concentration
deep cuts in the budget
deep emotion
deep happiness
deep in enemy territory
deep in her breast lives the silent wound
deep in the past
deep in the woods
deep into the night
deep massage
deep night
deep political machinations
deep pressure receptors in muscles
deep purple
deep shelves
deep slushy mud
deep snow
deep thoughts
deep wakeless sleep
deep water
deep-freeze the food
deep-fry the potato chips
deep-laid plans
deep-mined coal
deep-rooted prejudice
deep-sea divers can suffer nitrogen narcosis from breathing air under high pressure
deep-sea exploration
deep-sea fishing
deep-seated differences of opinion
deep-six these old souvenirs!
deep-throated
deep-toned
deeply engaged in conversation
deeply provincial and conformist
deer are populating the woods
deer fawn
defang the poisonous snake
defeat your enemies
defective speech
defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem
defensive weapons
deficient in common sense
definable rules
definable terms
definite restrictions on the sale of alcohol
deflate a balloon
deflate the air mattress
deflate the currency
deflationary measures
defoliate the trees with pesticides
deformed thalidomide babies
deft fingers massaged her face
degenerative diseases of old age
degust this wonderful soup
dehydrated eggs
deictic pronouns
delegates elected on a functional rather than a geographical basis
delete superfluous (or unnecessary) words
deleterious chemical additives
deliberately deceptive packaging
delicate china
delicate handmade baby dresses
delicate negotiations with the big powers
delightedly, she accepted the invitation
delinquent minors
delinquents retarded by their negative outlook on life
delinquents roaming the downtown streets
deliver a blow
deliver a judgment
deliver an attack
deliver the package to my home
delusive expectations
delusive faith in a wonder drug
demagnetize the iron shavings
demagogic speeches
demands for some form of separatism on grounds of religion have been perceived as a threat to mainstream education
demands specific to the job
demineralize water
demist the car windows
demobilization of factories
democratic art forms
democratic government
democratically elected government
demode (or outmoded) attire
demographers try to predict social fluidity
demographic surveys
demolished my reputation
demonetize a coin
demonstrable truths
demonstrated his whole-souled allegiance
demonstrates a surefooted storytelling talent
demotic entertainments
demotic speech
denatured alcohol
denazification was a slow process
dendriform sponges
dendritic fiber
denizens of field and forest
denizens of the deep
denominational politics
denominational prejudice
denominationally diverse audiences
denounce the scrofulous wealth of the times
dense as lead
dense smoke
dense vegetation
dental floss
dental student
dented fenders
denude a forest
departmental policy
dependable in one's habits
depended on his nonlinguistic skills
dependent children
dependent on Middle Eastern oil
dependent on moisture
depletion of the oxygen existing in the bloodstream
deplorable housing conditions in the inner city
deplorably dissipated and degraded
deplored the gap between rich and poor countries
deposit the suitcase on the bench
deposits abandoned by mining companies as unprofitable
deposits of sediment in gulfs and seas rather than in the ocean proper are known as thalassic deposits
deposits of unmined uranium
depraved criminals
deprecatory remarks about the book
depreciation of the dollar against the yen
depreciatory effects on prices
depressed and desolate of soul
depressed by the loss of his job
depression of the space bar on the typewriter
depressurize the cabin in the air plane
deprivation of civil rights
depth is established pictorially
depth of a closet
depth of a shelf
deputies are given authorization to make arrests
derelict (or delinquent) in his duty
derisive laughter
derive pleasure from one's garden
derogatory comments
desalinate water
descendent gene
described by an admiring nonresident as a green and pleasant land
described in unprofessional language so that high school students could understand it
descriptive grammar
desecrate a cemetery
desecration of the Holy Sabbath
deserts provide xeric environments
deserved a better fate
design a better mousetrap
design a new sales strategy
designated him to act as consul protempore
desire for undue private profit
desire happiness in perpetuity
desired amounts of inactive chlorine
desires at variance with his duty
desirous of finding a quick solution to the problem
desirous of high office
desperadoes from the hills regularly roared in to take over the town
desperate demoralized people looking for work
despite of some mishaps, everything went swimmingly
despite opposition from the newspapers he went ahead
despite our redoubled efforts
despite student protests, he remained Dean for another year
despite the torture and the psychological pressure some POWs remained unbrainwashed
despondent about his failure
despotic rulers
destructible glassware
destructive criticism
desultory thoughts
detach a regiment
detach the skin from the chicken before you eat it
detached houses
details are yet to be worked out
details known by only a few highly placed persons
details of the plan remain sketchy
detection is hard on the feet
determinable velocities
determinate growth
determinate variations in animals
determined who was the responsible party
detestable vices
dethaw the meat
detoxify the soil
detractive influences on the volume of investment
deucedly clever
develop a market for the new mobile phone
develop a passion for painting
develop land
develop the melody and change the key
develop the rook
developed countries
developing nations need outside help
developmental psychology
developmentally retarded
developments on an unheard-of scale
deviant ideas
devilish schemes
devilled eggs
devise a plan to take over the director's office
devoted friends
devoted to the cultus of the Blessed Virgin
devout wishes for their success
dew dripped from the face of the leaf
dewy-eyed innocence
dexterous of hand and inventive of mind
dextral individuals exhibit dominance of the right hand and eye
dextrorse vines
dextrously he untied the knots
diabolical sorcerers under the influence of devils
diachronic linguistics
dial a telephone number
dialectal variation
diametrical (or opposite) points of view
diamond-studded belt
diamonds were trumps
diamonds, sapphires, rubies, and emeralds are precious stones
dibble Spring bulbs
dibble the ground
dictatorial powers
dictators are suppressors of free speech
dictionaries list words in alphabetical order
did a clumsy job
did a thriving business in orchids
did it solely for money
did it with no help
did not quite make it
did not quite turn all the way back but looked askance at me with her dark eyes
did not spring full-clad from his imagination
did not stray from the beaten path
did outstanding work in human relations
did very careful research
did you catch a cold?
did you catch that allusion?
did you copyright your manuscript?
did you ever smoke?
did you finally connect with your long-lost cousin?
did you get it?
did you go to the meeting?
did you see his program last night?
did you see today's newspaper?
did you solve the problem?
did you take all your clobber?
didn't care the least bit
didn't know the way home
died for the sake of his country
diet cola
dietary restrictions
differences between theory and praxis of communism
differences of opinion are quite expectable given the present information
differences were microscopic
different Thai tribes live in the north
different parts of the country
differentiable species
differential equation
differential treatment
difficult times
difficult to say no to an enticing advertisement
diffused light
diffusion is an exergonic process
dig a hole
dig coal
dig out a channel
dig salt
dig the oars into the water
dig your foot into the floor
digestive ferment
digestive juices
digging an exploratory well in the Gulf of Mexico
digital clock
digital computer
digital examination
digital readout
digitate leaves of the horse chestnut
dike the land to protect it from water
dilute acetic acid
diluted alcohol
dim shadowy forms
diminishing returns
diminutive in stature
dimly, distantly, voices sounded in the stillness
dimmed headlights
dimorphic crystals
dimorphous organisms
dinge a soft hat
dingy linen
dinner and the movies had been fine
dinner has gotten cold
dinner is ready
dinner was already on the stove
dinner will be at 8
dip the brush into the paint
dip the garment into the cleaning solution
dip the sheep
dip water out of a container
diphtheria toxoid
diphthongs are complexions of vowels
diploid somatic cells
diplomatic corps
diplomatic immunity
diplomatic warfare
diplopia often disappears when one eye is covered
dipping each his bread into a communal dish of stew
dire news
direct current
direct exposure to the disease
direct heredity
direct primary legislation is largely permissive rather than prescriptive
direct vote
direct your anger towards others, not towards yourself
dirty
dirty books and movies
dirty clothes lying around (or about)
dirty looks
dirty money
dirty police officers
dirty slums
dirty unswept sidewalks
dirty words
dirty wounds
dirty-blonde hair
dirty-green walls
disable this command on your computer
disappointed expectations and thwarted ambitions
disarrange the papers
disarrayed bedclothes
discalced friars
discerning taste
discharge liquids
discharge one's duties
disciplinal measures
disciplinary problems in the classroom
disconnected fragments of a story
discontinued models
discontinuous applause
discovered differences in achievement
discretionary funds
discretionary income
discriminable faults
discriminate judgments
discriminate people
discriminative censure
discriminatory attitudes and practices
discussed the working draft of a peace treaty
discussion of the emergency situation will preempt the lecture by the professor
disdaining outside pressure groups
diseased tonsils
diseases endemic to the tropics
disenfrenchised masses took to the streets
disengage the gears
disgusted with their small-minded pettiness
disgustedly, she averted her eyes when they brought in the mutilated body of the horse
dishonest politicians
dishonor checks and drafts
dishonorable in thought and deed
disinclined to say anything to anybody
disinfect a wound
disingenuously, he asked leading questions about his opponent's work
disjoint the chicken before cooking it
disjunct distribution of king crabs
disjunctive conjunctions like `but', `or', or `though' serve a contrastive function
disk drives and printers are important peripherals
dislocate joints
disloyal aides revealed his indiscretions to the papers
disobedient children
disorderly conduct
disorderly youths
disparaging remarks about the new house
disparate ideas
dispel a student whose conduct is deemed unworthy
dispel doubts
dispensable items of personal property
disperse particles
displeasing news
disposable assets
disposable paper cups
disrespectful in the presence of his parents
disrespectful toward his teacher
dissect the bodies for analysis
dissent to the laws of the country
dissimulative arts
dissolve a shot or a picture
dissuasive advice
distance was marked by standards every mile
distant events
distant lands
distant villages
distasteful language
distill the essence of this compound
distinct fingerprints
distinguish between crystallized and uncrystallized opinion
distinguishable differences between the twins
distinguishing between verifiable fact and tendentious assertion
distraught with grief
distressed about her son's leaving home
distressed companies need loans and technical advice
distressing (or disturbing) news
distributed gifts with a lavish hand
distributing food and clothing to the flood victims was an act of mercy
distributional requirements
distrust the constituted authority
disturbed grass showed where the horse had passed
ditch a car
ditch a lover
ditch a plane
ditch the land to drain it
diurnal and nocturnal offices
diurnal animals are active during the day
diurnal flowers are open during the day and closed at night
diurnal rotation of the heavens
divaricate one's fingers
dived deeply
diversified farming
diversified investments
diversified manufacturing
diversified scenery
diversify a course of study
diversify your financial portfolio to hedge price risks
diversity...in our huge unfocused country
divert the low voltage to the engine cylinders
divide the cake into three equal parts
divine afflatus
divine guidance
divine judgment
divine liturgy
divine providence
divine worship
divisional artillery
dizygotic twins
do I hear a second?
do as you see fit to
do country doctors still make house calls?
do not operate machinery after imbibing alcohol
do not underestimate the significance of nuclear power
do nothing
do research
do right by him
do something rash that he will forever repent
do the right thing and confess
do you have a light?
do you have the latest software update?
do you know what time it is?
do you take plastic?
do you wear rimmed or rimless glasses?
do your own thing
do-or-die revolutionaries
docile pupils eager for instruction
dock the ships
doctoral dissertation
doctorial candidates
doctors and nurses work hand in hand to save lives
doctors are working hard to keep him alive
doctors examined the recruits but nurses did the inoculating
doctors in antiseptic green coats
does her shopping at the mall rather than down town
does not think highly of his writing
does the weekly marketing at the supermarket
does this paper meet the requirements for the degree?
doesn't know when he's well-off
dogged persistence
doglike devotion
dogmatic writings
dogs and mice and flies are as unrepeatable as men are
dogs attempting to catch a cold scent
dogs have a remarkable acuteness of smell
dogs loose on the streets
dogs should be kept under restraint
dogs, foxes, and the like
doing a brisk business
doing a roaring trade
doing an uncommon amount of business
doing that is like waving a red flag in front of a bull
dole out some money
domain names are organized hierarchically with the more generic parts to the right
domestic animals
domestic happiness
domestic issues such as tax rate and highway construction
domestic oil
domestic science
domestic servant
domestic wine
domestic worries
domestically, the president proposes a more moderate economic policy
domesticate oats
domesticated plants like maize
domiciliary caves
domiciliary medical care
don't argue about shades of meaning
don't argue with the inevitable
don't be a silly
don't be fresh with me
don't be greedy with the cookies
don't be late for church
don't be such an apologetic shnook
don't belittle your colleagues
don't catch your meaning
don't do it on my account
don't drag me into this business
don't drift from the set course
don't drill here, there's a gas pipe
don't expect a good meal at a cabaret
don't fall down
don't forget the minus sign
don't forget to write home
don't fret over these small details
don't fuss too much over the grandchildren--they are quite big now
don't get him started on his hobbyhorse
don't get in a stew
don't get too close to the fire
don't give me any flak
don't give me any of that jazz
don't give me any of your sass
don't give me that stuff
don't give the child this tough meat
don't go beyond the farthermost (or furthermost) tree
don't go out, the weather is dreadful
don't just sit there on your tod
don't let anyone unknown into the house
don't look back while you walk
don't outstay your welcome
don't overexert yourself when exercising!
don't overload the car
don't pay him any mind
don't put on airs with me
don't sass me!
don't shoot until they come near
don't sign a contract without reading the fine print
don't soil your clothes when you play outside!
don't trust my ex-wife; I won't pay her debts anymore
donate money to the orphanage
done with drinking
done with gambling
doomed to unhappiness
dormant buds
dot your `i's
double chrysanthemums have many rows of petals and are usually spherical or hemispherical
double doors
double-breasted jacket
double-breasted suit
double-edged praise
doubling with a computer took no time at all
doubt is a great weakener of resolve
doubt that a historical Camelot every existed
doubt was expressed as to the good faith of the immigrants
doubtless they had some indirect purpose in mind
dour determination
douse a rope
douse a sail
down by a pawn
down to his last nickel
downcast after his defeat
downtown Manhattan
downy milkweed seeds
dozens of cases were put on the back burner
drab faded curtains
draft a speech
drag this icon to the lower right hand corner of the screen
dragging a wheelless stoneboat filled with rocks
drainage here is imperfect
dramatic arts
drape a cloth
drape the statue with a sheet
drastic measures
draw a card
draw a chicken
draw a conclusion
draw a deep breath
draw a line
draw a wagon
draw a weapon
draw away the cloth that is covering the cheese
draw lines between the dots
draw on a cigarette
draw parallels
draw pulp from the fruit
draw steel
draw the curtains
draw the shades
draw wire
drawings of abstract forms
drawl one's vowels
dreadful manners
dreams of foregone times
dreamy and inactive by nature
dredge the chicken in flour before frying it
drenched in moonlight
dress a turkey
dress my hair for the wedding
dress shoes
dress the horses
dress the patient
dress the plants in the garden
dress the salads
dress the surface smooth
dress the tanned skins
dress the victim's wounds
dress the windows
dress troops
dressed casually in shorts and an open-collared shirt
drew a few tentative conclusions
dribble oil into the mixture
dribble the ball
dried beef
dried fruit
dried sweat left salt-edged patches
dried-out boards beginning to split
dried-out tobacco rolls badly
dried-up grass
drift the boats downstream
drift the cattle herds westwards
drifts of naturalized daffodils
drill a hole into the wall
drill for oil
drilling there would be strictly a wildcat operation
drink up--there's more wine coming
drink was his downfall
drinking alcohol is a health hazard
drinking companions
drinks were the overture to dinner
drip-dry shirts for travel
dripless candles
dripping wet
drive a ball
drive a car or bus
drive a golf ball
drive a tunnel
drive away bad thoughts
drive home a point or an argument
drive in screws or bolts
drive the ball far out into the field
drive the cows into the barn
drive the forest
drive the game
driven from hearth and home
drizzle the meat with melted butter
drop a hint
drop a lawsuit
drop by tonight
drop him from the Republican ticket
drop me a line when you get there
drop names
drop off the passengers at the hotel
drop-force the metal
droplets in suspension in a gas
drops dimpled the smooth stream
drops of wet gleamed on the window
drove his car with nonchalant abandon
drove his point home
drove hotfoot for Boston
drove like crazy
drove the nail home
drudging peasants
drug abuse is often regarded as a form of recreation
drug cartels sometimes finance terrorist organizations
drugged and senseless
drugless therapy
drugs causing fibrinolysis have been utilized therapeutically
drugs containing phenylpropanolamine are being recalled
drugs have become a sickness they cannot cure
drum up support
drunk and unfit for service
drunk with excitement
drunken driving kills
dry clothes
dry facts
dry hair
dry humor
dry land
dry meat
dry paint
dry rot did the job of destroying the barn
dry skin desquamates
dry sobs
dry splintery boards
dry toast
dry weight
dry-wall the basement of the house
dual controls for pilot and copilot
dubious about agreeing to go
ducal palace
ducks walk with a waddle
duct tape holds the world together
ductile copper
ductless glands
due cause to honor them
due esteem
due to the limitations of the available tools, a more refined analysis of the data may be necessary
due to the rockiness of the land it was quickly dry even after a heavy rain
dug deep
dull and juiceless as only book knowledge can be when it is unrelated to...life
dull days with nothing to do
dull greens and blues
dull pain
dull repetitious work gives no gratification
dull silver badly in need of a polish
dull unpolished shoes
dumb animals
dumb officials make some really dumb decisions
dummy up the books that are to be published
dumping his garbage on my land was a case of continuing trespass
dun codfish
duodenal ulcer
duple (or double) time consists of two (or a multiple of two) beats to a measure
duplex system
duplex telephony
durable denim jeans
during his first year in office
during his first year in power
during hysterical conditions various functions of the human body are disordered
during the German occupation of Paris
during the Great Depression going-out-of-business sales were very common
during the construction we had to take a detour
during the firework display that ended the gala the noise reached 98 decibels
during the halt he got some lunch
during the reign of Henry VIII
during the rule of Elizabeth
during the war the government imposed rationing of food and gasoline
during the war they turned the bowling alleys into rifle ranges
during the youth of the project
dust is whirled aloft
dust particles suspended in the air
dust settled on the roofs
dust the bread with flour
dust the cabinets
dust-thickened saliva
dusty unoiled roads
dutiable imports
duties consumptive of time and energy
duty constrains one to act often contrary to one's desires or inclinations
duty has become the Moloch of modern life
duty-free liquor
dwarf star
dwarf tree
dying to hear who won
dynamized medicine
dysfunctional behavior
dyslexics are unable to learn to read adequately
dyslogistic terms like `nitwit' and `scalawag'
e.e.cummings's poetry is written all in minuscule letters
each answer counts as three points
each child has clearly defined duties
each child was expected to pay for their keep
each club played six home games with teams in its own division
each confession brought her into an attitude of abasement
each core has three wires passing through it, providing the means to select and detect the contents of each bit
each flavor of quarks comes in three colors
each generation must have its own rebellion
each hair consists of layers of dead keratinized cells
each industry has its own trade publications
each interviewed different members of the community
each nation sent a contingent of athletes to the Olympics
each of the four legs contains a simple screw jack with a thrust bearing that is operated telescopically inside of two tubes
each of them had their own anticipations
each of us is peculiar, nay, in a sense unique
each party is welcome
each passenger must be manifested
each person is mortal
each room has a private bath
each rune had its own magical significance
each team has two time-outs left
each town has a quality all its own
eager for success
eager helpers
eager to learn
eager to travel abroad
eagles were soaring aloft
ear lobe
earless seals
early Mayan civilization
early detection can often lead to a cure
early diagnosis
early forms of life
early man
early mariners relied on the constancy of the trade winds
early morning
early morning classes are always sleepy
early on in her career
early peoples passed on plant and animal lore through legend
early varieties of peas and tomatoes mature before most standard varieties
earned income
earnings relative to production
ears open to catch every sound
earth the circuit
earthborn beings
earthborn cares and pleasures
earthborn existence
earthenware pottery is breakable
earthlike atmosphere
earthly beings
earthly love
earthquakes are a constant threat in Japan
earthquakes convulsed the countryside
earthquakes originate far below the surface
earthshaking proposals
earthy smells of new-mown grass
ease the pain in your legs
easily mistakable signals
easily perceptible sounds
easily the best book she's written
eastbound trains
eastern cities
easy good looks
easy living
easy money
easy standards
eccentric circles
ecclesiastic history
ecological research
ecologically speaking, this idea is brilliant; economically, it is a disaster
econometric theories
economic assistance to depressed areas
economic changes are proceeding erratically
economic cooperation
economic growth
economic growth of less than 1% per year is considered to be economic stagnation
economic logic requires it
economic theory
economically the country is worse off
economically this proposal makes no sense
economics in its modern disciplinary sense
economists speak of an inelastic price structure
economy of effort
ecumenical activities
ecumenical thinking
edacious vultures
edge a blade
edge enhancement is intrinsic in xerography
edge the tablecloth with embroidery
edged satire
edible wild plants
edit film
editing a prolix manuscript
editor-in-chief
editorial column
editorial duties
editors and journalists who express opinions in print that are opposed to the interests of the rich are dismissed and replaced by subservient ones
education has for its object the formation of character
education is a preparation for life
education is an important determinant of one's outlook on life
education is the door to success
education was the centerpiece of the Democratic Party's political platform
educational facilities
educational psychology
eels are apodal
efface oneself
efface the memory of the time in the camps
effect a change
effective language learning is a partnership between school, teacher and student
effective personnel
effective steps toward peace
effective teaching methods
effects of the struggle will be violent and disruptive
efferent nerves and impulses
efficient engines save gas
efficient housecleaning should proceed one room at a time
effleurage of the abdomen is used in the Lamaze method of childbirth
efforts to obtain a clean bass in orchestral recordings
efforts to protect forested lands of the northwest
effused brine
egality represents an extreme leveling of society
egg a schnitzel
either too unsophisticated or too honest to promise more than he could deliver
elaborate a plan
elapsed time
elbowing is a foul in basketball
elderly parents often depend on their adult children
elderly residents could remember the construction of the first skyscraper
elected to fill the senator's unexpired term
elected to serve ad interim
elective official
elective surgery
electoral college
electoral process
electric current
electric wiring
electrical and mechanical engineering industries
electrical appliances
electrically controlled
electricians get accustomed to occasional shocks
electricity from the harnessed Colorado River
electrify an appliance
electromagnetic energy
electromagnetism was discovered when it was observed that a copper wire carrying an electric current can magnetize pieces of iron or steel near it
electronic devices
electronic energy
electrons are negative
electrons orbit the nucleus
electroplate the watch
eleemosynary relief
elegant handwriting
elemental sulphur
elementary teachers
elementary, my dear Watson
eleven is one shy of a dozen
eleven million Jews are spread throughout Europe
elfin bells
elicit a solution
eligibility for a loan
eligibility of a candidate for office
eligible for retirement benefits
eligible to run for office
eliminate my debts
elimination of high-cost or unproductive industries
elite colleges
elocutionary recitals
eluding lubricious embraces
elvish tricks
email is much faster than snail mail
embargoed publications
embossed leather
embossed stationery
embroiled in the conflict
embryologic development
embryonic stem cells are totipotent
emergency council
emergency police were on hand in case of trouble
emergent repair of an aorta
eminent members of the community
emotion caused a constriction of his throat
emotional distance
emotional health
emotionally secure
empanel prospective jurors
empire builder
empiric treatment
empirical data
empirical laws
employed on a temporary basis
employers are looking for buttoned-up types
empty eyes
empty hours
empty promises
empty-bellied children
empyrean aplomb
enabling power
enchained demons strained in anger to gnaw on his bones
enchanting music
encircle the errors
enclose a stamped self-addressed envelope with all submissions
encode pictures digitally
encompassing mountain ranges
encouraging advances in medical research
encyclopedic knowledge
end tables placed conveniently
endemic folkways
endemic malaria
endermic ointment
endless debates
endless waves
endocrine system
endogenic rocks are not clastic
endorse a new project
endorse cheques
endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights
endowed with charming manners
endowed with good eyesight
endways pressure
enemy fire was intense
enemy-held territory
energy advected from the environment
energy can take a wide variety of forms
energy is far from a peripheral issue in the economy
enforced obedience
engage aid, help, services, or support
engaged columns
engaged in unoriented study
engaged the gears
engineers strove to increase the naturalness of recorded music
engineers will work to correct the effects or air resistance
engorgement of the breast
engrave a letter
engrave a pen
engrave the pen with the owner's name
engraved invitations
engraved the trophy cup with the winner's name
enhansive makeup
enjoy privileges
enjoy the blessings of peace
enjoyed a luxurious suite with a crystal chandelier and thick oriental rugs
enjoyed a sociable chat
enjoyed extraordinary popularity
enjoyed his prestige as an established writer
enjoying exterritorial privileges and rights
enlarged adenoids may restrict the breathing of children
enlarged joints
enmeshed in financial difficulties
ennobling thoughts
enormous expenses
enough food
enough is as good as a feast
enough of vegetarianism; let's have a meaty meal
enriched foods
enrobe the nuts with chocolate
ensile fodder for the cows
ensuing events confirmed the prediction
enter a drug treatment program
enter a race
enter an agreement
enter negotiations
entered with much eclat in a coach drawn by eight white horses
entertain interesting notions
enthalpy is the amount of energy in a system capable of doing mechanical work
enthusiasm for his program is growing
enthusiastic crowds filled the streets
entirely satisfied with the meal
entirely unaffected by each other's writings
entitlements make up the major part of the federal budget
entomological research
entozoic worms
entrepreneurial risks
entropy increases as matter and energy in the universe degrade to an ultimate state of inert uniformity
envelopes of nonstandard sizes
envious of their art collection
environmental factors
environmental pollution
enwrapped in dreams
epic tradition
epicanthic folds
epicurean pleasures
epicyclic gear train
epideictic orations
epidemiological studies
epigastric artery
epikeratophakia gave her a living contact lens
epilate her legs
epileptic seizure
epilithic mosses
epiphytotic conditions associated with a single-plant agriculture
episodic in his affections
epistemic modal
epithelial layer
epithelial tissue
epochal decisions made by Roosevelt and Churchill
epoxy the shards
equal temperament is the system commonly used in keyboard instruments
equal to the task
equally obtrusive was the graffiti
equatorial Africa
equatorial diameter
equatorial heat
equipped for service in the Arctic
equipped to be a scholar
equipt in the...national dress of the Scottish people
equitable treatment of all citizens
equivalent amounts
erect flower stalks
erectile dysfunction
erectile feathers
erectile tissue
eremitic austerities
erosion is the work of wind or water over time
eroticize the ads
errant youngsters
erratic behavior
erratic winds are the bane of a sailor
erroneous conclusions
errors are vanishingly rare
errors of someone new to the job
ersatz coffee
erstwhile friend
erupt in anger
eskimos of the eastern Arctic have a system of syllabic writing
essential oil
essential tools and materials
essentially humble...and self-effacing, he achieved the highest formal honors and distinctions
establish a new department
established a shallow beachhead
established a unitary distance on which to base subsequent calculations
estimable assets
estimates of the city's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars
estival winds
eternal quarreling
eternal truths
eternal truths will be neither true nor eternal unless they have fresh meaning for every new social situation
ethereal melodies
ethereal solution
etherify an alcohol
ethical codes
ethical medical practice
ethical theories
ethnic food
ethnicity has a strong influence on community status relations
ethnographical data
ethnological field work
etiolated celery
etiological agent
eunuchs guarded the harem
eusporangiate ferns of the families Ophioglossaceae and Marattiaceae
eutherian mammals
evacuate the bottle
evanescent beauty
evangelical Christianity
evangelistic fervor
evaporate milk
evaporated molecules boil off
even a schoolboy's jape is supposed to have some ascertainable point
even amoeba are sensible creatures
even amounts of butter and sugar
even an idiot knows that
even as he lay dying they argued over his estate
even atheists can be eschatologically minded
even before noon there was a considerable patronage
even features
even firing at close range he missed
even his profanity was unimaginative
even if he didn't like them he should have been civil
even in laughter the heart is sorrowful
even in the pulpit there are moments when mildness of manner is not enough
even near the equator vegetation at 5000 ft is subtropical rather than tropical
even numbers are divisible by two
even out the surface
even the artist and the sculptor were not regarded...as leisured men
even the barn was shipshape
even the car is bugged
even the car's tires were aflame
even when he is sick, he works
even with his head start she caught up with him
evenhanded justice
events now in process
events suddenly took an awkward turn
eventually the family left the house to the devices of this malevolent force
ever and anon
ever busy
ever hoping to strike it rich
ever mindful of her health
evert the eyelid
every Sunday he gave his car a good polishing
every able-bodied young man served in the army
every action has an equal and opposite reaction
every actor has a portfolio of photographs
every airhead on a big salary rushed out to buy one
every artist needs an audience
every chance of winning
every child needs a role model
every cloud has a silver lining
every day he had a new alibi for not getting a job
every day we have weather conditions and yesterday was no exception
every description of book was there
every disposable piece of equipment was sent to the fire
every dog has his day
every episode has its double and treble meaning
every fact in the world might be singular...unlike any other fact and sole of its kind
every good mechanic has a large bag of tricks
every hour a train goes past
every last one of you
every man jack
every manuscript was edited microscopically
every morning they exchanged polite hellos
every mother's son who could walk was there
every newspaper editor is criticized by the newsroom
every number has a unique position in the sequence
every party is welcome
every person is mortal
every politician fears to touch that holy of holies, the Social Security System
every politician has a following of janissaries
every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty
every so often she visits her father
every store in the neighborhood had to pay him protection
every subordinate sensed his contemptuousness and hated him in return
every third seat
every two hours
every word has a syndrome of meanings
every year, hundreds of people jump off the Golden Gate bridge
everybody cheered the birthday boy
everyday clothes
everyone contributed to the pool
everyone expected him to win so his loss was a shock
everyone gets stomach upsets from time to time
everyone got a cut of the earnings
everyone has a moment in history which belongs particularly to him
everyone hopes for a better tomorrow
everyone involved in the bribery case has been identified
everyone is fallible to some degree
everyone trusted him with their confidences
everyone was aware of the approaching doom but was helpless to avoid it
everyone was fair game
everything after the discovery of the murderer was anticlimactic
everything has to end sometime
everything in its proper place
everything is black or white...satanic or godly
everything is in order for their arrival
everything is uncertain about the army
everything she cooked seemed to have rice as the base
everything sounded very peaceful and domestic
everything was dusted over with a fine layer of soot
everything was unstable following the coup
everything went pop
everything's fine
evidence contradicted the government's claims
evidence material to the issue at hand
evidence of neolithic settlements
evidence should only be excluded if its probative value was outweighed by its prejudicial effect
evident hostility
evidential signs of a forced entry
evidentiary technique
evil deeds
evil purposes
eviscerate the stomach
evoke sympathy
evoked potentials
evolutionary biology
ex gratia payments made to nonstriking workers
exaction of tribute
exaction of various dues and fees
exalted the humble shoemaker to the rank of King's adviser
examined it with microscopic care
excavate a cavity
excavate gold
except for the pulmonary artery the arterial blood is rich in oxygen
except in the pulmonary vein venous blood is rich in carbon dioxide and poor in oxygen
exceptional kindness
excessive charges
exchange employees between branches of the company
exchange prisoners
excite the atoms
excite the audience
excite the neurons
excitement grew as the finish neared
exciting rhythms and polytonal harmonies
exclusive clubs
excogitate a way to measure the speed of light
excuse someone's behavior
execrable crimes
execute a will or a deed
execute the decision of the people
exemplary behavior
exempt from jury duty
exercise develops wholesome appetites
exercise gave him a good stomach for dinner
exercise had given his muscles superior definition
exercise helped him get the alcohol out of his system
exercise improves muscle tone
exercised daily to keep herself in condition
exercising due care
exert one's power or influence
exert oneself
exfoliation is increased by sunburn
exhaust one's savings
exhausted oil wells
exhibiting contempt for his unlettered companions
existed over the centuries as a world apart
existentialist movement
existentialist philosophy
exodontic surgeon
exons are interspersed with introns
exorbitant rent
exorcise evil spirits
exotic cuisine
exotic plants in a greenhouse
expand the house by adding another wing
expanded polystyrene looks like a rigid white foam and is used as packing or insulation
expensive but styleless country tweeds
expensive clothes
experience generally improves performance
experience is a demanding teacher
experience is the best teacher
experience often determines ability
experience vertigo
experienced travellers travel light
experiences new to him
experimental physics
experimental psychologists measure the elapsed time from the onset of the stimulus to its recognition by the observer
experimental results that supported the hypothesis
expiate one's sins
expiatory (or propitiatory) sacrifice
explain the behavior sociobiologically
explain the phenomenon neurobiologically
explainable phenomena
explained the situation in a nutshell
explanatory notes
expletives were deleted
explicable behavior
explicit instructions
explicit sexual scenes
exploratory reconnaissance
exploratory talks between diplomats
explore unknown territory in biology
explored the furthest reaches of space
explosive force
explosive gas
explosive violence
exponential growth
export wheat without quantitative limitations
exportable cultural achievements
expose the blanket to sunshine
exposure to the weather
express trains don't stop at Princeton Junction
expressed nonlexically
expressed views concordant with his background
expressionist art
expressions of good will
extant manuscripts
extend a hand
extend a loan
extend my greetings
extend the TV antenna
extend the casserole with a little rice
extend the loan
extended farm lands
extension of the program to all in need
extenuating circumstances
exterior grade plywood
exterior paints
external commerce
external composure
external pressures
extinct laws and customs
extol the virtues of one's children
extortionate prices
extra duties incidental to the job
extra money could be usefully spent on this project
extra personnel on tap
extra ribs as well as other supernumerary internal parts
extracellular fluid
extract a bad tooth
extract information from the telegram
extragalactic nebula
extramarital affairs
extramural hospital care and treatment
extramural sports
extramural studies
extraneous light in the camera spoiled the photograph
extraordinarily prescient memoranda on the probable course of postwar relations
extraordinary authority
extravagant praise
extreme and indefensible polar positions
extreme caution
extreme caution is advisable
extreme cold
extreme danger
extreme opinions
extreme pleasure
extreme temperatures
extreme views on integration
extremely cold
extremely interesting
extremely risky going out in the tide and fog
extremely unpleasant
extremist political views
extrinsic evidence
extrude steel
exuberant compliments
exude sweat through the pores
eye-catching posters
eyeless fish that evolved in dark caves
eyelike markings on a butterfly's wings
eyes brimming with tears
eyes far too close together
eyes inflamed with crying
eyes moist with tears
eyes shining with a liquid luster
eyes were haggard and cavernous
eyes with puffed (or puffy) lids
eyes...of that baffling protean grey which is never twice the same
fabric with a tendency to shrink
face a playing card
face an embankment
face had a pained and puzzled expression
face the lapels of the jacket
faced a case-hardened judge
faced a grave decision in a time of crisis
faced an unpromising task
faced unconquerable difficulties
faced with a resolute opposition
facetious remarks
facial expression
facial hair
facial profiling is a new form of airport security
facilitative changes in the economic structure
facing the stark reality of the deadline
factors concerned in the rise and fall of epidemics
facts likely to influence the judgment are called material facts
factual considerations
faded jeans
faded pastel charms of the naive music
faggot up the sticks
failure made him malevolent toward those who were successful
failure-prone
faineant kings under whose rule the country languished
faint heart ne'er won fair lady
faint resistance
faintness of heart and infirmity of purpose
fair copy
fair deal
faith is his anchor
faithful employees
falcate claws
fall asleep
fall by the wayside
fall into a category
fall into a strange way of thinking
fall into a trap
fall prey to an imposter
fallacious hope
fallacious reasoning
fallacious testimony
fallen leaves covered the forest floor
falling incomes
falling rain
falling temperature
falling trees make a sound in the forest even when no one is there to hear them
fallow farmland
false hopes
false pretenses
false tales of bravery
false teeth
falsify the data
famed for his eccentric spelling
familial aggregation
familial traits
familiar guests
familiar ordinary objects found in every home
familiar songs
familiar with the complex machinery
family and ordinal names of animals and plants
famous for a mean backhand
fan hatred
fancy clothes
fancy handwriting
fann'd by Conquest's crimson wing
fanned mounting tension into mobbish terrorizing
fantastic Halloween costumes
fantastic figures with bulbous heads the circumference of a bushel
far corners of the earth
far from the truth
far in the future
far-flung corners of the Empire
far-flung trading operations
far-off happier times
faraway mountains
farm staters
farm work can be a good conditioner
farmers most affected by the drought hope that there may yet be sufficient rain early in the growing season
farmers were uneasy until rain finally came
farming communities
farming is a hard means of subsistence
farming is a strenuous life
farmland still unsown
farther down the corridor
farther from our expectations
farther from the truth
farther north
fascist propaganda
fashionable clothing
fast colors
fast film
fast friends
fast women
fast-breaking news
fast-flying planes
fast-opening (or fast-closing) shutters
fast-paced fiction
fast-running rivers
fasten the lock onto the door
fastidious about his dress
fastidious about personal cleanliness
fastidious microorganisms
fat and very unfit
fat legs and dirty streaky faces
fat tissue
fat waddlers who walk like pigeons
fat-soluble vitamin A
fatalistic thinking
fated to be the scene of Kennedy's assassination
father knows best
fatigue duty involves nonmilitary labor
fatigue sapped his strength
fattening pens
fatty food
fatty tissue protected them from the severe cold
faultless logic
faux pearls
fear is exceedingly infectious; children catch it from their elders
fearful of criticism
fearful slum conditions
fearless reporters and photographers
fearlessly, he led the troops into combat
feathery palm trees
fecal matter
feckless attempts to repair the plumbing
fed up with their complaints
federal courts
federal deficits can cause inflation
federal funds were not forthcoming
federal governments often evolved out of confederations
federal property
fee the steward
feeble efforts
feed carrots into a food processor
feed one's eyes on a gorgeous view
feel free to stay as long as you wish
feeling a bit indisposed today
feeling amorous
feeling better of late
feeling comfy now?
feeling discouraged and downhearted
feeling horny
feeling nettled from the constant teasing
feeling only so-so
feeling poorly
feeling sad because his dog had died
feeling sexy
feeling woozy from the blow on his head
feet sturdily apart
feet unused to shoes
feigned sympathy
feline fur
fell asleep at the wheel
fell back into one of her dull moods
fell behind in his studies
fell into a profound sleep
fell into a troubled sleep
fell into the esurient embrance of a predatory enemy
fell plumb in the middle of the puddle
fell upon trying times
felonious intent
felt a cap
felt a deep kinship with the other students
felt a deepening love
felt a desperate urge to confess
felt a joyous abandon
felt a little better
felt a violent dislike
felt abashed at the extravagant praise
felt acute annoyance
felt all shivery
felt an unspecific dread
felt apprehensive about the consequences
felt ashamed of my torn coat
felt boxed in by the traffic
felt bucked up by his success
felt certain of success
felt completely washed-out
felt discouraged by the magnitude of the problem
felt elated and excited
felt exasperated beyond endurance
felt exquisite pleasure
felt far worse than yesterday
felt his mother's directing arm around him
felt impelled to take a stand against the issue
felt impotent rage
felt intoxicated by her success
felt is a felted cloth
felt light in the head
felt mortified by the comparison with her sister
felt obligated to repay the kindness
felt panicked before each exam
felt really pissed at her snootiness
felt regretful over his vanished youth
felt relaxed and fit after their holiday
felt renewed strength
felt revived hope
felt sad and lonely
felt sincere regret that they were leaving
felt sticky and chilly at the same time
felt sudden anger in a palpable wave
felt the wool
felt tongue-tied with embarrassment
felt unwilling entangled in their affairs
female holly trees bear the berries
female sensitiveness
female suffrage
feminine intuition
feminist critique
feminized frogs
feminized language
fermentation is a biogenic process
fertile farmland
fetal development
fever left him weak on his sticks
fever resulted from becoming dehydrated
few characters are so dateless as Hamlet
few experiences are more traumatic than losing a child
few roses were still blooming
few voters seem conscious of the issue's importance
few women have led troops in battle
fewer birds came this year
fewer trains were late
fibers remained apparently unaffected by the treatment
fickle friends
fickle weather
fictile masses of people ripe for propaganda
fictile ware
fictive sympathy
fictive talent
fiducial power
field-crop management
fields in a vesture of green
fields of tame blueberries
fierce devouring affection
fierce fighting
fierce loyalty
fierce white-hot loyalty
fiercely independent individualism
fiery oratory
fifthly, we must adhere to the rules set by the local government
fifty dollars or under
fight off the onslaught
fighting an undeclared war
fighting in defense of their firesides
fighting is crude and uncivilized especially if the weapons are efficient
figurative language
figuratively speaking,...
figure 2 shows photographic and schematic views of the equipment
figures light and aeriform come unlooked for and melt away
figurines presage the emergence of sculpture in Greece
file a complaint
file for divorce
file one's fingernails
filed the letter away
files with a red tab will be stored separately
filet the fish
filial respect
fill a cavity
fill a container
fill in the blank spaces
fill out this questionnaire, please!
fill the child with pride
filled the door with her frowzy bulk
film coverage of sporting events
film noir was applied by French critics to describe American thriller or detective films in the 1940s
film rights
filmed the actual beating
films should be entertaining
filmy wings of a moth
filter out the impurities
filter-tipped cigarettes
filthy little tricks
filtration is a purifying agent
fin de siecle art
finally broke out of the forest into the open
finally quits with the loan
finally realized that the horror he felt was superstitious in origin
financially hard-pressed Mexican hotels are lowering their prices
find out if he speaks Russian
find someone guilty
find the product of two numbers
find transcendental motives for sublunary action
finding her own personhood as a campus activist
finds himself in a most awkward predicament
fine china and crystal
fine clothes could not conceal the girl's homeliness
fine hairs
fine innocent weather
fine powdery snow
fine rain
fine wine
fine-grained rock
fine-sounding phrases
fine-tune the engine
fined for unsportsmanlike behavior
finely costumed actors
finely shaped features
finespun distinctions
finger tappers irritated her
finger the binding of the book
fingers closed in a tight fist
fingers so badly frozen they had to be amputated
finished the final segment of the road
finished the test only with great difficulty
finishing in time was a tall order but we did it
fire a bullet
fire a gun
fire away!
fire pottery
fire the furnace
fire was one of our ancestors' first discoveries
fireflies are bioluminescent
fireflies are chemiluminescent
fireman learn several different raises for getting ladders up
fires lit up a diabolic scene
firm and irrevocable is my doom
firm convictions
firm muscles
firm up one's plans
firm upholders of tradition
firmly based ice
first came lightning, then thunder
first check to see whether the appliance is connected
first she was suspicious, then she became confiding
first soprano
first was the lightning and then its thunderous associate
first we must consider the garter snake
first you have to cut off the water
first you have to fill out the requisition
first you must collect all the facts of the case
first you must learn the fundamentals
first-string players
firsthand information
fiscal regulations are in the hands of politicians
fiscal responsibility
fiscally irresponsible
fish are aquatic animals
fish for compliments
fish have simpler hemoglobin than mammals
fish require an aqueous medium
fish usually goes with white wine
fish with a delicate flavor and texture
fish with reputedly poisonous flesh
fishes and amphibians and reptiles and birds and mammals are verbetrate animals
fishing in extraterritorial waters
fishing was their main sustainment
fissile crystals
fissile wood
fissionable material
fit a dress
fit for duty
fit to drop
fitful (or interrupted) sleep
fitful bursts of energy
five feet in height
five feet tall
five periodicals make up the core of their publishing program
five-toed
fix a race
fix breakfast for the guests, please
fix the variables
fix your eyes on this spot
flabby around the middle
flaccid cheeks
flagrant violation of human rights
flags aflare in the breeze
flags flapped in the strong wind
flaky soap
flamboyant handwriting
flame-retardant
flames were jetting out of the building
flaming passions
flamingoes walk majestically through the marshes
flash the roof
flat beer
flat computer monitors
flat sales for the month
flat wall paint
flatten a road
flatten your stomach with these exercises
flavorless supermarket tomatoes
flaws in the above interpretation
flaxen locks
fleas are vectors of the plague
fledge an arrow
fleet of foot
fleeting sublunary pleasures
fleetness of foot
fleshly desire
flew down to Florida
flew to Helsinki and thence to Moscow
flex a muscle
flex your wrists
flexible schedules
flick a piece of paper across the table
flicked him with his hand
flighting wild geese
flights of imagination
flights of rhetoric
flighty young girls
flimsy construction
fling the frisbee
flints were found in association with the prehistoric remains of the bear
flip me the beachball
flip over the pork chop
flirting is not unknown in college classes
float a ship
float data
float the plaster
floaters seem to drift through the field of vision
floating freely in a weightless condition
floating logs
floating ribs are not connected with the sternum
floating seaweed
floating voters
flood control in the Missouri basin
flood the market with tennis shoes
flood victims wanting food and shelter
floppy disks are noted for their relatively slow speed and small capacity and low price
floral organs
floridly figurative prose
floss your teeth after every meal
flour fish or meat before frying it
flour-thickened gravy
flourishing businesses
flout the rules
flowering spring trees
flowers added a note of cheerfulness to the drab room
flowers along the wayside
flowers are an attractor for bees
flowers carpeted the meadows
flowers dehisce when they release pollen
flowery wine
fluctuating prices
fluency in spoken and written English is essential
fluff up the pillows
fluorescent colors
fluoridize the teeth of children
fluoridized water
flush the meadows
flush the wound with antibiotics
flushed (or crimson) with embarrassment
fluvial deposits
fly a kite
fly into a rage
flyblown meat
flying foxes are extremely prolific
flying was still an exciting adventure for him
foamy (or frothy) beer
focal infection
focal length
focal point
focused light rays can set something afire
fog-cloaked meadows
fog-filled air
foil mirrors
foil your opponent
fold up the newspaper
fold up your umbrella
folded the sheet of paper square
foliate glass
foliate metal
foliate tracery
folk songs woven into a symphony
folks around here drink moonshine
folksy humor
follow God's light
follow the road
follow the trail
followed common procedure
followed my father of my own volition
followed the match with breathless interest
followed the only honorable course of action
followers echoing the cries of their leaders
following an altered course we soon found ourselves back in civilization
following preconcerted plans
following the assassination of Martin Luter King ours was an unquiet nation
following the regular procedure of the legislature
following the scandal, the cardinal resigned his cardinalate
following with low-beam headlights
fond fancies
fond hopes of becoming President
fond of chocolate
fond of his nephew
food and drink
food and shelter are necessities of life
food color made from vegetable dyes
food enough
food is in short supply
food is plentiful
food manufacturers sometimes list MSG simply as `artificial flavors' in ingredient lists
food poor in nutritive value
food producers use hydrogenation to keep fat from becoming rancid
food shortages and starvation are endemic in certain parts of the world
foods indispensable to good nutrition
foolhardy enough to try to seize the gun from the hijacker
foolish remarks
foolproof this appliance
foot the bill
football players try to play mind games with the opposition
footed creatures
for $10 you get the full treatment
for English, a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases, the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters
for a Muslim the hajj is the ultimate act of worship
for a career in corrections turn to the web site of the New Jersey Department of Corrections
for a dog, an erect tail indicates aggression
for a thousand years the Roman Catholic Church was the principal church of Christendom
for a while mutiny seemed a probability
for actors, memorizing lines is no game
for all his apparent wealth he had no money to pay the rent
for all his bluster he is in essence a shy person
for automatic natural language processing, the words must be stemmed
for better or for worse
for centuries jellies have figured importantly among English desserts, particularly upon festive occasion
for greater clarity choose a plain Saxon term instead of a latinate one
for him, life is all fun and games
for instructions refer to the above
for magnificence and personal service there is the Queen's hotel
for my wedding I had my mother's wedding dress altered to fit me
for recreation he wrote poetry and solved crossword puzzles
for such a plan to work requires discipline
for that matter I don't care either
for the benefit of all
for the common good
for the first time criticism was directed at a hitherto untouchable target
for the greater good of the community
for the nonce
for the sake of argument
for them demons were as much a part of reality as trees were
for thousands of years the chair was an appanage of state and dignity rather than an article of ordinary use
for twins they are very unlike
for uniform color and texture tailors cut velvet with the pile running the same direction
for want of a nail the shoe was lost
for years he was a boffo box office certainty
for years she worked toward the moralization of English literature
for years tobacco companies have contended that tobacco is nonaddictive
for your own good
for your own use
for your personal use
for your sake
forbidden fruit
forbidding thunderclouds
force equals mass times acceleration
force out the air
force out the splinter
forced by illness to lead a sedentary life
forced convection in plasma generators
forced heartiness
forced-air heating
forceful measures
forcible entry
foreign nations
foreign particles in milk
foreign trade
foreigners stubbornly reluctant to accept our ways
forensic ballistics
forensic pathology provided the evidence that convicted the murderer
forensic photograph
foreseeable costs were well within the budget
forests populated with all kinds of wild life
forests set ablaze (or afire) by lightning
forfeited property
forgave us our sins and cleansed us of all unrighteousness
forge a pair of tongues
forget the past
forgetful of her responsibilities
forgotten by some careless person
fork over the money
forked lightning
form the young child's character
form was treated as something intrinsic, as the very essence of the thing
formal attire
formal dress
formal duties
formal logicians are not concerned with existential matters
formal proof
formal wear
formed a separate church
former generations
forthright criticism
fortifications that made the frontier inviolable
fortified milk
fortified wine
fortuitous encounters--strange accidents of fortune
fortunate son
fortunately she had the good sense to run away
fortunately the other lens is unbroken
fortunately the pain was mild
fortunately the weather was good
forward motion
forward my mail
fossiliferous strata
fossils provided further confirmation of the evolutionary theory
foster child
foster home
foster parent
fought a terrific battle
fought barehanded
fought hand to hand
fought his way homeward through the deep snow
fought like the devil
fought to keep the union intact
foul (or dirty) copy
foul language
foul the water
foul-mouthed and blasphemous
found a handy spot for the can opener
found a hopeful way of attacking the problem
found a natural affinity with the immigrants
found an answer straightaway
found an uncomplicated solution to the problem
found art
found her mother waiting for them
found her praise gratifying
found herself in a very fortunate situation
found him off his guard
found himself loaded down with responsibilities
found himself lying flat on the floor
found himself saddled with more responsibility than power
found it galling to have to ask permission
found just the right dictionary to fit into his schoolbag
found only odd-job employment
found pebbles embedded in the silt
found some extra change lying on the dresser
found the gate fastened
found the job very demanding
found the politician's views objectionable
found the straying sheep
found the task disagreeable and decided to abandon it
found themselves in a bad way financially
found themselves on the wrong road
four and four make eight
four glazed walls
four minus three equals one
four plus three equals seven
four square meals a day
four times three equals twelve
four-leaved clover
four-legged animals
four-ply yarn
four-ply yarns
four-year-olds have an overabundance of energy
fourthly, you must pay the rent on the first of the month
fractional currency is currency in denominations less than the basic monetary unit
fractious components of a communication system
fracture the balance of power
fragile items require separation and cushioning
fragile old bones
fragile porcelain plates
fragmentary remains
fragmentation slows system performance because it takes extra time to locate and assemble the parts of the fragmented file
fragments of a nearly complete jug, skillfully restored at the institute of archaeology
fragments of a play
frail humanity
frame a picture
frame a policy
frank enjoyment
frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn
frantic with anger and frustration
frap a rope
frap a sail
fraternal twins are biovular
fraudulent loans led to the failure of many banks
frayed cuffs
freakish weather
free a path across the cluttered floor
free admission
free enterprise
free expansion
free from mental defects
free of racism
free oxygen
free public education is the birthright of every American child
free radicals are very reactive
free will
freedom from coarse unprincipled calumny
freewheeling foolishness
freewheeling urban youths
freeze-dried coffee
freeze-dry the strawberries
freight pickup is a terminal service
french-fry the potatoes
frenetic screams followed the accident
frequent complaints
frequent consultations with his lawyer
frequent penetrative observations
frequent storms drive ships to their destruction on Cape Hatteras
frequently uttered sentiments
fresh air
fresh bread
fresh fats contain glycerides of fatty acids and very little free acid
fresh from college and reluctant for the moment to marry him
fresh fruit are railed from Italy to Belgium
fresh ideas
fresh lettuce
fresh milk was unavailable during the emergency
fresh odorous bread
fresh vegetables
fresh vegetables were scarce during the drought
fresh water
fresh-cut flowers
fresh-scrubbed floors
freshly painted lawn furniture
freshly polished silver
freshly rouged lips
freshman year in high school or college
fret a guitar
fretfully, the baby tossed in his crib
friable carcinomatous tissue
friable curds formed in the stomach
friable sandstone
fricassee meats
frictional electricity
frictional gearing
frictional heat
fried green tomatoes
friendlies came to their rescue
friendliness is the salesman's stock in trade
friendly advice
friends are generally alike in background and taste
friends considerate enough to leave us alone
friends provided a vindication of his position
frightened by his ardent burning eyes
frightened by the storminess of their argument
frightened stiff
frigid weather the year around
frogs are amphibious animals
frolicsome students celebrated their graduation with parties and practical jokes
from Monday to Friday inclusive
from a decent family
from a penal to a rehabilitative philosophy
from blank to blank a threadless way I pushed mechanic feet
from childhood upward
from cradle to grave
from his shambling I assumed he was very old
from its creation the plan was doomed to failure
from lifelong habit
from rank to rank she darts her ardent eyes
from that time forth
from that vantage point he could survey the whole valley
from the air the road was a grey thread
from the beginning of history
from the bow she stared at the mesmerising onrush of the sea where it split and foamed
from the depths of darkest Africa
from the hill he took a seaward course
from the house they watched the washout of their newly seeded lawn by the water
from the plane we saw the city below agleam with lights
from the sixth century onward
from the tone of her behavior I gathered that I had outstayed my welcome
from the transverse hall the stairway ascends gracefully
from the window he could catch a glimpse of the lake
from time to time she contributed a personal comment on his account
from two handsome and talented young men to two haunting horrors of disintegration
frontal rainfall
frost a cake
frost and floods are uncommon during these months
frost the glass
frostbitten fingers
frostbitten grapes unsalable as fresh fruit
frosted glass
frowzy white hair
frozen assets
frozen foods
frozen pipes
frozen precooked meals from the supermarket
frozen prices
frozen with horror
fructosuria is a harmless condition
frugality and industry are still regarded as virtues
fruitful soil
frustrated by ambiguous instructions, the parents were unable to assemble the toy
frustrated by the narrowness of people's horizons
fry the pancakes
fuel aircraft, ships, and cars
fuel the debate on creationism
fugacious blossoms
fugitive hours
fugitives from the sweatshops
fulgent patterns of sunlight
full of empty seats
full of happiness and pleasurable excitement
full of language so vulgar it should have been edited
full summer
full the cloth
full tones
full-blooded Native American
full-bodied mature wines
full-bodied wines
full-bosomed women
full-fashioned hosiery
full-fledged
full-grown
full-toned
fully accountable for what they did
fully acquainted with the facts
fully grown
fully plumaged young bird
fulminant fever
fulminant pain
fumble a grounder
fumed oak
fun ranging from slapstick clowning ... to savage mordant wit
functional architecture
functional architecture featuring stark unornamented concrete
functional deafness
functional education selects knowledge that is concrete and usable rather than abstract and theoretical
fund a medical care plan
fundamentalism has flowered because it has concluded that liberalism is effete, ineffectual and impoverished
fundamentals include a company's growth, revenues, earnings, management, and capital structure
funds essential to the completion of the project
funerary urn
funereal gloom
funicular railway
funnel the liquid into the small bottle
funny stories that made everybody laugh
fur fringed the hem of the dress
furious about the accident
furious winds
furled sails bound securely to the spar
furnaces of the forced-convection type
furred animals
furrow one's brow
furrow soil
furrowed fields
further complicated by uncertainty about the future
further from our expectations
further in the future
furthest removed from reality
furtive behavior
fussy about clothes
futile years after her artistic peak
future auxiliary
futurist art
gaga over the rock group's new album
gaily wrapped gifts
gained their exclusive attention
gained valuable experience in amateur theatricals
gainly conduct
galvanize steel
galvanized into action
games designed for all ages
ganoid fishes swarmed during the earlier geological periods
gap between income and outgo
gaping doors of uninhabited houses
garbage pickup is on Mondays and Thursdays
garbage was piled sky-high
gardens splashed with color
gargle with this liquid
garish colors
garlicky sauce
garments of the finest silk
gas and oil are nonrenewable resources
gasping with the volumed smoke
gastric ulcer
gastrointestinal motility
gastronomic adventures
gather some stones
gather the close family members
gauge bricks
gauge plaster
gauge the instruments
gauge the wine barrels
gaunt underfed children
gauzy clouds of dandelion down
gave a glad shout
gave a limp handshake
gave a strong pull on the rope
gave a warmhearted welcome to the stranger
gave advance warning
gave an electric reading of the play
gave an impressive performance as Othello
gave an involuntary start
gave an uneasy laugh
gave applicable examples to support her argument
gave away the tickets
gave false testimony under oath
gave full attention
gave grudging consent
gave her skirt a vigorous shake
gave him a fulsome introduction
gave him a malign look
gave him a merciless beating
gave his whole attention
gave honest answers
gave it little thought
gave me a half smile
gave me a serious look
gave me the finished manuscript
gave oblique answers to direct questions
gave one six blows and the other a like number
gave only lukewarm support to the candidate
gave only qualified approval
gave precautionary advice
gave sentience to slugs and newts
gave silent consent
gave the facts in a nutshell
gave the house a good cleaning
gave the impression of being quite relaxed
gave the teacher an implausible excuse
gave the wet cloth a wring
gave truthful testimony
gave up our seats on the plane and in return received several hundred dollars and seats on the next plane out
gave up the large house for economic reasons
gave us a broad hint that it was time to leave
gave us a clear idea of human nature
gave us a cordial reception
gave us a hint of the excitement that was in store for us
gave wholehearted support to her candidacy
gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible
gay and exciting night life
gay young blades bragged of their amorous adventures
gelid waters of the North Atlantic
genealogical records
genealogical tree
general assistance
general knowledge
general studies
general symptoms
generally unsociable except with intimate friends
generative forces
generative power
generic drugs are usually cheaper than brand-name drugs
generosity is one of his best characteristics
generous and broad sympathies
genes were formerly called factors
genetic code
genetic history reconstructs the origins of a literary work
genetic research
genetic screening of infants for phenylketonuria
genetically passed down talents
genetically transmitted features
geneticists only recently discovered the identity of the gene that causes it
genic combinations
genital herpes
genitourinary infections
genius and insanity spring from the same taproot
genius usually follows a revolutionary path
genotypical pattern
gentle blue eyes
gentle christianly behavior
gentle rain
gentlemanly behavior
gently pattering rain
gentrify a row of old houses
gentrify the old center of town
genuine emotion
genuine leather
geologic forces
geological formations
geologically speaking, this area is extremely interesting
geometry is the mathematical science of shape
geomorphological features of the Black Hills
geophysical sciences
geriatric disorder
geriatric hospital
germfree animals
gestured with his gauntleted hand
get a life!
get a load on
get an idea
get his affairs in order
get it done anyway you can
get nauseous
get off your high horse and admit you are wrong
get ready
get rid of rubbish and oily rags
get someone mad
get thee hence!
get to the point
get together all those who are interested in the project
get under quickly!
get your tickets for the concert early, it is sure to be a sellout
getting a little uppity and needed to be slapped down
getting admitted to the college of your choice has become a crapshoot
getting along in years
getting it off his conscience gave him some ease
getting near to the true explanation
getting nearer to the true explanation
getting that job was definitely fluky
getting through that small opening was a tight squeeze
getting through the crowd was a real struggle
ghastly shrieks
ghastly wounds
ghosts and other immaterial entities
ghosts and other unreal entities
gigantic disappointment
gilded dining rooms
gilded icons
gilt-edged credentials
gilt-edged securities
gin game
ginger the soup
gingerly I raised the edge of the blanket
gird your loins
girdle the plant
girlish charm
girls and boys in separate classes
girls decked out in brave new dresses
give a course
give a decision for the plaintiff
give a divorce
give a secret to the Russians
give a yelp
give an excuse
give her credit for trying
give her recognition for trying
give him a shtik cake
give him my kind regards
give homage
give me a hand with the chores
give me any peaches you don't want
give me the gen on your new line of computers
give me whatever peaches you don't want
give me...your huddled masses
give one's opinion
give one's talents to a good cause
give priority to
give psychological support
give the devil his due
give the little lady a great big hand
give the orders
give thought to
give up a run
give up alcohol
give your home a facelift
given my druthers, I'd eat cake
given the engine's condition, it is a wonder that it started
gives full measure
gives good measure
giving a police officer a free meal may be against the law, but it seems to be a picayune infraction
giving his word of honor seemed to come too easily
glabrous leaves
glabrous stems
glacial deposit
glacial till is unstratified
glacial winds
glacially deposited material
glaciers move tardily
glad of the fire's warmth
glad that they succeeded
glad to get out of the house with my throat uncut
glad to help
glad you are here
gladiatorial combats
glamorous movie stars
glanced away
glanced casually at the headlines
glandular malfunctions
glass in a porch
glass is brittle
glass the windows
glassy porcelain
glaucoma can result from increased intraocular pressure
glaucoma is an insidious disease
glaucous grapes
glaucous plums
glaucous stems
glaze the bread with eggwhite
glazed doughnuts
glazed fabrics
glazed pottery
glib generalizations
glib promises
glimmery candlelight
glinting eyes
glinting water
glistening bodies of swimmers
glistening grass besprent with raindrops
glittery costume jewelry
global monetary policy
global war
gloom had usurped mirth at the party after the news of the terrorist act broke
gloom pervaded the office
gloomy at the thought of what he had to face
gloomy predictions
gloomy-visaged funeral directors
glorify one's spouse's cooking
glossy auburn hair
glossy paper
glottal stops
glottochronological studies
glowing embers
glowing praise
glue the two parts together
glycerinated gelatin is used as a base for many ointments
gnarled and knotted hands
gnaw an old cracker
gnawed his nether lip
gnomic verse
go about a difficult problem
go about the world in a certain manner
go ahead
go critical
go easy here--the road is slippery
go forth and preach
go left first, then right
go there around noon!
go to bed early because tomorrow is a school day
go to blazes
go up a ladder
goal-directed
goffer the trim of the dress
going by past experience there was a high probability that the visitors were lost
going from sitting to standing without intermediate pushes with the hands
going in a northerly direction
going into the ninth they were a run ahead
going to school and holding a job at the same time
gold 21 carats fine
gold coins
gold earrings gleamed against her dusky cheeks
gold is distinct from iron
golden age of imperial splendor
golden crested
golden lads and girls all must / like chimney sweepers come to dust
golden-tongued
goldplate a watch
golf is a humbling game
golf is one of his blind spots and he's proud of it
golfers' spikes damage the putting greens
gonadal hormones
gone was the casually dressed Canadian she had thought a backwoodsman--this man was immaculately tailored
gone with the wind
good agricultural soil
good business depends on having good merchandise
good classroom teaching is seldom rewarded
good clean fun
good extension comes from a combination of training and native ability
good growing weather
good honest food
good intentions are not enough
good looks
good manners
good music
good news from the hospital
good nourishing stew
good old boy
good printing makes a book more pleasurable to read
good solid food
good taste
good teeth
goods now on sale
goose the car
gore a skirt
gossamer cobwebs
gossamer shading through his playing
gossip that makes one sick
gossip was the main business of the evening
got a frosty reception
got a shock from a live wire
got along as best we could on rationed meat and sugar
got an allover tan
got his way by labyrinthine maneuvering
got no help from his wife who was preoccupied with the children
got off to a hot start
got really het up over the new taxes
got soaked through in the rain
got the job through sheer persistence
gothic novels like `Frankenstein'
gouge out his eyes
governing bodies
government agencies multiplied beyond the control of representative politics
government will not be efficient unless the people as a whole accept leadership loyally and enthusiastically
governmental policy
governmentally determined policy
governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed
governments must be accountable to someone beside themselves
gracious even to unexpected visitors
gracious living
grade A milk
grade tests
grade-constructed accesses to the freeway
grading papers is a thankless task
graduate a cylinder
graduate courses
graduates well equipped to handle such problems
graduation was a big day in his life
graft the cherry tree branch onto the plum tree
grammatical gender
grammatical mistakes are his pet peeve
grammatical morphemes affix to the stem
grammatical rules
grand ballroom
grand staircase
grandparents often pamper the children
granite is crystalline
grant a degree
grant a privilege
grant land
grant permission
granted him wide powers
granted that it is dangerous, all the same I still want to go
granular sugar
granulated sugar
graphic accounts of battle
graphic sexual scenes
graphic symbols
graphically interesting designs
graphite and diamond are allotropes of carbon
grappling with financial difficulties
grasping commercialism
grass courts are faster than clay
grass new washed by the rain
grass with large plumes
grate carrots and onions
grate nutmeg
grate one's teeth in anger
grateful for the tree's shade
grave responsibilities
graven images
gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love
gravitationally strong forces
gravity incurvates the rays
gravity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance
gray flannel suit
graze the skin
grease the wheels
greaseproof wrapping paper
greasy coveralls
greasy hamburgers
great A
great affairs of state
great brown eye, true and trustful
great care is taken to keep the operating rooms aseptic
great horned owl
great oaks grow from little acorns
great progress in the arts
great wealth is not a sign of great intelligence
greater inaptness of expression would be hard to imagine
greatly concerned not to disappoint a small child
greedy for fame
greedy for money and power
green around the gills
green fields
green grass growing underfoot
green paint
green wood
green-shuttered cottages
greenhouse gases
greenside bunker
gregarious bird species
grew more and more disgusted
grew richer and greedier
grew the usual vegetables
grew uncomfortable beneath his appraising eye
greyed with the dust of the road
griddle pancakes
grievous bodily harm
grill the sausages
grim and unsanitary conditions
grim determination
grim laughter
grim necessity
grim rainy weather
grimy hands
grin evilly
grind designs into the glass bowl
grind lenses for glasses and cameras
grind the spices in a mortar
grit one's teeth
grit roads
gritrock is siliceous sandstone
groom the dogs
groove a vinyl record
groovy clothes
gropes among cloudy issues toward a feeble conclusion
gross income
gross ineptitude
gross injustice
gross negligence
ground the electrical connections for safety reasons
grout the bathtub
growing ever more swollen-headed and arbitrary
growing fatigue was apparent from the decline in the execution of their athletic skills
growing more melancholy every hour
growing wild
grown lank with fasting
grub up roots and tree stumps
grubby little fingers
grudging acceptance of his opponent's victory
gruesome evidence of human sacrifice
gruff manner
gruff voices
grumous blood
guarantee to free the prisoners
guard against becoming too friendly with the staff
guard against infection
guard my possessions while I'm away
guarded optimism
guards must be good blockers
gubernatorial election
guerrillas unequipped for a pitched battle
guests should never be late to a dinner party
guilty of murder
gullible tourists taken in by the shell game
gun shots volleyed at the attackers
gunners raked the beach from invulnerable positions on the cliffs
guns fired witheringly at the railroad cars
gusty winds
gut the sheep
gutter the buildings
gutters carried off the rainwater into a series of channels under the street
gutturally articulated
gymnastic exercises
gymnastic horse
gynecological examination
gypsum can be used as a soil conditioner
hackneyed phrases
had a big (or bad) shock
had a bright future in publishing
had a close call
had a cozy chat
had a crazy dream
had a curiously husky voice
had a decisive lead in the polls
had a dizzy spell
had a feeling of being set apart
had a fifty-fifty (or even) chance
had a filthy mouth
had a formidable array of compositions to his credit
had a good cry
had a good workout
had a great stake in the outcome
had a great time at the party
had a harum-scarum youth
had a headache and felt giddy
had a late breakfast
had a man-to-man talk about the facts of life
had a minor part in the play
had a nice time at the party
had a nonspeaking role in the play
had a preference for circumlocutious (or circumlocutory) rather than forthright expression
had a rattling conversation about politics
had a set-apart feeling
had a sold-out house for both performances
had a steadying effect on her nerves
had a streak of bad luck
had a swelled head
had a tall burly frame
had a witty but overweening manner
had adjacent rooms
had advanced views on the subject
had ample food for the party
had an exasperated look on his face
had an inventive turn of mind
had an odd name
had an unhappy time at school
had been at work for over an hour before her boss arrived
had been ostensibly frank as to his purpose while really concealing it
had but a single thought which was to escape
had difficulty walking
had established herself in her career at the price of being so undomestic she didn't even know how to light the oven
had ever circumstances conspired so cunningly?
had every hope of success
had hard luck
had harsh words
had her lines cold before rehearsals started
had his algebra problems down
had hopes of rehabilitating the institutionalized juvenile delinquents
had knobbly knees
had little trouble in taking a unanimous decision over his opponent
had many crowned teeth
had minor differences
had never seen a circus
had no ethical objection to drinking
had no inconsiderable influence
had only an imperfect understanding of his responsibilities
had scarcely rung the bell when the door flew open
had shining virtues and few faults
had the last word
had the system down pat
had to be up for the game
had to boil the contaminated water
had to get special permission for the event
had to push the broken-down car
had to steer the car down a twisty track
had traveled to the farthest frontier
had unique ability in raising funds
had unusual longevity in the company
hagridden...by visions of an imminent heaven or hell upon earth
hail a cab
hair in tight curls
hair remover
hairy moments in the mountains
halal meat
hale and hearty
half a loaf
half an hour
half sister
half-baked ideas
half-hardy annuals
half-soled
half-timbered Tudor houses
half-track armored vehicles
halfway measures
halloo the dogs in a hunt
halls of learning
hallucinogenic drugs are mind-altering substances
halt in the name of the law
halt the presses
ham-handed governmental interference
hammer the metal flat
hammer the silver into a bowl
hand in hand with hope went fear
hand me the spoon, please
hand the elderly lady into the taxi
hand-to-hand fighting
handed her his pristine white handkerchief
hands in the starting position
hands-on operations
handwoven tablecloth
handwriting can be slow and painful for one with arthritis
handy with an axe
hang a door
hang on to your father's hands
hang the venison for a few days
hanging around
hangovers from the 19th century
haphazardly arranged interlobular septa
happily he was not injured
happily unconscious of the new calamity at home
happiness is the aim of all men and the motor of all action
haptic data
harangued his men in an oratorical way
harass the enemy
harassed working mothers
harbor a resentment
hard alee
hard dry rolls left over from the day before
hard labor
hard liquor
hard vitreous china used for plumbing fixtures
hard work was his escape from worry
hard-and-fast rules
hard-core addicts
hard-core pornography
hard-surface roads
hardback books
hardened fishermen
hardened missile silos
hardly a man is now alive who remembers that famous date and year
hardly enough elbow room to turn around
hardly more than a boy but firm-knit and self-confident
hardy explorers of northern Canada
harebrained ideas
harmful effects of smoking
harmless bacteria
harmonically interesting piece
harmonious composition is essential in a serious work of art
harmonious family relationships
harmonize a building with those surrounding it
harmonize one's goals with one's abilities
harmonize the different interests
harness natural forces and resources
harness the horse
harnessing subatomic energy
harpoon whales
harpsichord music is readily playable
harsh cognac
harsh irritating smoke filled the hallway
harsh living conditions
harsh punishments for sturdy vagabonds and masterless men
harsh-sounding
harvest the grapes
has a bad back
has a colossal nerve
has a dirty mouth
has a happy lot
has a large repertory of dialects and characters
has a nest egg tucked away for a rainy day
has a particular preference for Chinese art
has a straightforward down-to-earth approach to a problem
has an indifferent singing voice
has an undeserved reputation as a coward
has gone completely haywire
has high hopes
has indifferent qualifications for the job
has lived a blameless life
has their under-the-table backing
has ties with many widely dispersed friends
has tremendous intellectual sympathy for oppressed people
hash the potatoes
hastened the period of time of his recovery
hastily, he scanned the headlines
hasty and irresponsible action
hasty makeshifts take the place of planning
hasty marriage seldom proveth well
hat and cat rhyme
hatch the sheet
haughty aristocrats
haul nets
haul stones
haul stones from the quarry in a truck
haul vegetables to the market
haunting memories
have a feeling
have a lover
have a mathematical chance of making the playoffs
have a merry Christmas
have a postdoc
have a shtikl cake
have an assistant
have recourse to the courts
have some milk
have the mopes
have to keep prices high enough to make it economic to continue the service
have you ever known hunger?
have you heard the latest?
have you no decency?
have you seen the new production of Hamlet?
have, throw, or make a party
haven't the faintest idea
having a bilocular capsule
having arrived unannounced we had to take potluck
having one's hackles or dander up
having said her say Peggy manfully shouldered her burden and prepared to break up yet another home
having some friends over
having three carbon and three nitrogen atoms in a six-membered ring
having to stand in line so long was a real bummer
hawkish congressman
hazardous duty
hazardous working conditions
he absorbed the knowledge or beliefs of his tribe
he abstained partly for prudential reasons
he accepted her decisions uncritically
he accepted it on appro
he accepted my offer appreciatively
he accepted service of the subpoena
he accepted subject to one provision
he accepted thankfully my apologies
he accepted the decision phlegmatically
he accepted the little they gave him
he accepted the naturalness of death
he accepted the offer conditionally
he accepted the offer unconditionally
he accepted their problems with composure and she with equanimity
he accepted with alacrity
he accomplished little due to the mismanagement of his energies
he acknowledged the plaudits of the crowd
he acquired a reputation as an actor before he started writing
he acquired all the company's assets for ten million dollars and the assumption of the company's debts
he acted as a backstop in case anything went wrong
he acted as a caretaker until a new president could be elected
he acted believably sincere
he acted despicably
he acted dishonestly when he gave the contract to his best friend
he acted dishonorably
he acted honorably
he acted immorally when his own interests were at stake
he acted in good faith
he acted inconsistently when he bought these stocks
he acted irresponsibly
he acted legally
he acted logically under the circumstances
he acted morally under the circumstances
he acted rather unintelligently in this crisis
he acted selflessly when he helped the old lady in distress
he acted sensibly in the crisis
he acted unrighteously
he acted unselfishly when he helped her get the promotion
he acted very childishly
he acted very obstructively when we tried to carry out our project
he acted very wise after the event
he acted with the best of motives
he acts very securely in front of the camera
he added a column of numbers
he added a short notation to the address on the envelope
he added more coolant to the car's radiator
he added parenthetically that he would not attend the wedding ceremony
he added two spoons of sugar
he addressed her caustically
he addressed her coldly
he adjusted the hang of his coat
he adjusted the intensity of the sound
he admired her long graceful neck
he admired the ampleness of its proportions
he admired the gold of her hair
he admired the inclusion of so many ideas in such a short work
he adopted an air of superiority
he adopted wholeheartedly some of the policies that he had previously criticized
he advanced in a series of jumps
he advertised the imperishability of the product
he advocated the application of statistics to the problem
he altered the complexion of his times
he always acts so conceitedly!
he always acts so deferentially around his supervisor
he always appreciated praise for his work
he always arrives on the eve of her departure
he always arrives on time
he always blames someone else in the immediate neighborhood
he always bought his clothes at the same store
he always carried extras in case of an emergency
he always carries matches to light his pipe
he always falls asleep during lectures
he always follows the latest fads
he always goes for the jugular
he always greeted me with a new zinger
he always reasons from the particular to the general
he always rode the bus to work
he always spoke in grammatical sentences
he always took some reading matter with him on the plane
he always tries to pick up girls in bars
he always turns first to the business section
he always wrote down his New Year's resolutions
he analyzed the brain scan
he and his wife shared a common purse
he angled his way into the room
he angrily denied the accusation
he announced the death of his father collectedly
he annoyed us with his interpreting of parables
he answered a range of questions
he answered automatically
he answered her cantankerously
he answered her impatiently
he answered his accusers spitefully
he answered immediately
he answered in the affirmative
he answered in the negative
he answered the first question willingly, the second reluctantly, and the third with resentment
he answered the question as truthfully as he could
he answered the reporters' questions flippantly
he answered very diplomatically
he answered very indirectly
he anticipated their acceptance of his offer
he apologized for his oscitancy
he apologized subsequently
he appeared in person
he appeared on the face of the earth one day
he applauded the internationality of scientific terminology
he applied a coat of a clear finish
he applied for an appointment in the treasury
he applied to the state for support
he appointed himself emperor for life
he argued articulately for his plan
he argued contradictorily
he argued convincingly
he argued that all learning is a trial-and-error process that resembles biological evolution
he argued that reference is a consequence of conditioned reflexes
he argued that the controlling factor in eutrophication is not nitrate but phosphate
he argued unconvincingly
he argued with great acuteness
he arranged his robes to avoid a trip-up later
he arrived accompanied by two muscle-bound body guards
he arrived at an inconveniently late hour
he arrived at work early today
he arrived characteristically late
he arrived inopportunely just as we sat down for dinner
he arrived rather opportunely just when we needed a new butler
he asked a direct question
he asked for a drink of water
he asked for a poll of public opinion
he asked for other employment
he asked for the 1989 volume of the Annual Review
he asked for troops for the relief of Atlanta
he asked if they could spare one of their horses to speed his journey
he asked permission to leave
he asked the nurse for relief from the constant pain
he asked the waiter for the check
he asked to see the executive who handled his account
he asks questions that are germane and central to the issue
he assigned a series of problems of increasing hardness
he assumed an attitude of surrender
he ate a bland diet because of his colitis
he ate a large bag of popcorn
he ate a section of the orange
he ate and drank abstemiously
he ate his fill of potatoes
he attended a lecture on telecommunications
he attended the unveiling of the statue
he attributed the change to their marriage
he attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy
he avenged the bloodshed of his kinsmen
he avoided the capital gains tax by short selling
he awaited the signal to start
he awaited word from his man in Havana
he awoke betimes that morning
he awoke with a painful stiffness in his neck
he awoke with a start
he baked the torte from scratch
he banked the shot off the backboard
he basked in the afterglow of his victory
he beamed his approval
he bears his afflictions like a crown of thorns
he bears insult with gracious good humor
he beat his breast in anger
he became a figure of fun
he became demandingly dominant over the years
he became ill from overwork
he became prickly and spiteful
he became rebarbative and prickly and spiteful
he become reconciled to not dying heroically in her arms
he began in a conversational tone
he behaved abusively toward his children
he behaved adulterously
he behaved badly in school
he behaved boorishly at the party
he behaved egotistically
he behaved ethically
he behaved high-handedly toward his employees
he behaved hypocritically by praying piously when people were watching
he behaved ignobly
he behaved outrageously
he behaved rather bumptiously and offended the hostess
he behaved treacherously
he behaved unethically
he behaved with great dignity
he behaves antagonistically toward his colleagues
he behaves crazily when he is off his medication
he behaves insultingly toward his parents
he behaves very paternally toward his young bride
he believed all the Christian precepts
he believed all the Marxist dogma
he believed her story hook, line, and sinker
he believed in the manumission of the slaves
he believed that leadership can be taught
he believed the information was retrievable
he believed, naively, that she would leave him her money
he believes in the ultimate perfectibility of man
he believes that his life will be better in his next incarnation
he believes that narcolepsy is attributable to an inability to suppress REM sleep during waking
he bent awkwardly
he bent protectively over the woman
he bet $2 on number six to place
he bet $2 on number six to show
he betrayed their trust
he blamed his slip on the ice
he blanched when he saw the size of the bill
he blends in with the crowd
he blew his nose noisily
he blew out all the candles with a single puff
he blocked the way out
he booked their seats in advance
he bore himself with dignity
he borrowed a cup of sugar
he borrowed a large sum
he bought 100 shares of IBM at the market price
he bought a Christmas tree and trimmings to decorate it
he bought a book of stamps
he bought a device to digitize the data
he bought a hot dog and a coke at the bar
he bought a lot on the lake
he bought a new daybook
he bought a new stereo system
he bought a shag rug
he bought a shelfful of books
he bought his brother's business
he bought it at a shop on Cape Cod
he bought it for a song
he bought it on an impulse
he bought it on approval
he bought some reading material at the airport
he bought some roach clips and hashish pipes at the head shop
he bought the painting as an investment
he bought the whole schmeer
he bounced it cleanly off the wall
he breathed heavily
he breathed his last
he broke into a run
he broke off one of the branches
he broke the news to her
he broke the point of his pencil
he broke the tape in record time
he brought back a large store of Cuban cigars
he brought reproach upon his family
he built a modest dwelling near the pond
he built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Appalachians
he built the house on land leased from the city
he built three levels of his cardcastle before it collapsed
he bundled up his few possessions
he burned all the novels
he buzzed the servant
he calculated the answer to four significant figures
he calculated the circumference of the circle
he calibrated the thermometer for the Celsius scale
he called a penalty on them when the lineman took a cheap shot at the quarterback
he called each flip of the coin a new trial
he called for a careful exploration of the consequences
he called four times
he called home semiweekly
he called me the day before but your call had come even earlier
he called the tune to me and I supinely took it up
he callously exploited their feelings
he came all the way around on Williams' hit
he came dangerously close to falling off the ledge
he came in a close second
he came off second-best
he came out of nowhere
he came religiously every morning at 8 o'clock
he came running pit-a-pat down the hall
he came to a bad end
he came to visit at half-term
he can do any sort of work requiring handiness and dexterity
he can do it from memory
he can hear the snap of a twig
he can no longer think conceptually
he can perceive shapes kinesthetically
he can roam the neighborhood at will
he cannot button his shirt with his slinged arm
he cannot sing in tune
he capped off the meeting with a radical proposal
he carried a club in self defense
he carried a gun everywhere he went
he carried an armful of references back to his desk
he carried his small bag onto the plane with him
he carried it to extremes
he carried on regardless of the difficulties
he carried out the negotiations in person
he cashed a check at the bank
he caught a crab and lost the race
he caught her staring out the window
he caught only a glimpse of the professor's meaning
he caught sight of the king's men coming over the ridge
he caught the ball and ran downfield 15 yards
he caught the express to New York
he caught the motorcycles in the full glare of his headlights, braked and slipped purposefully out of the car
he caught the punt on the fly
he celebrated his 10th season with the ballet company
he chalked up $100 in the course of the evening
he chalked up two goals which deservedly gave Bolton their second victory of the season
he changed his money into francs
he changed his name in order to avoid confusion with the notorious outlaw
he changed noticeably over the years
he changed the arrangement of the topics
he changed the setting on the thermostat
he charged a dollar for a shoeshine
he charged me $15
he charged the director with indifference
he charged them with electoral malpractices
he charted his family tree genealogically
he chased her barefoot across the meadow
he chased the young hellions out of his yard
he checked the direction and velocity of the wind
he checked the instrument panel
he checked the point on his compass
he checked whether the wound had healed improperly
he cheerfully agreed to do it
he cheerlessly set out to do the task
he cherished the faith of a good woman
he chose his words rather infelicitously
he claimed a violation of his rights under the Fifth Amendment
he claimed that the evidence against him was a plant
he claimed that the interception of one missile by another would be impossible
he claimed to have purchased the contraband innocently
he claims that the present administration is corrupt
he clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box
he clamored for justice and tolerance
he clawed insatiably at the traditional precepts
he cleaned his shoes compulsively after every walk
he cleared his throat before he started to speak
he clicked on the light
he climbed high on the ladder
he climbed into the crotch of a tree
he climbed the career ladder
he climbed the steep slope
he clocked the runners
he clung to the past determinedly
he clutched a jag of the rock
he cold-bloodedly planned the murder of his boss
he collaborated with the Nazis when they occupied Paris
he collected cards and traded them with the other boys
he collected dry sticks for a campfire
he collected the rent
he combed his hair
he comes from good origins
he comes from humble origins
he comes up with so many quotable phrases
he commented the paper of his colleague
he commented with typical pungency
he complacently lived out his life as a village school teacher
he complained about the length of time required
he complained about the subtraction of money from their paychecks
he complained sourly that the new rules only benefitted the managers
he complained that school was just memorization and regurgitation
he complained vociferously
he composes atonally
he computed the result to four decimal places
he condemned religious sectarianism
he conditions old cars
he confessed dramatically
he confirmed the wetness of the swimming trunks
he confused the enemy with feints and demonstrations
he confuses the reader with ill-defined terms and concepts
he congratulated them on their development of a plan to meet the emergency
he conjured wild birds in the air
he considered misrule a justification for revolution
he considered the prize too paltry for the lives it must cost
he considers prostitution to be a victimless crime
he consulted several mediums
he continued after a perceptible pause
he continued in this vein for several minutes
he contributed articles to the basic reference work on that topic
he contributed to the design of a new instrument
he convened a Loya Jirga that persuaded tribal leaders to acquiesce
he cooked hamburgers on the grill
he could always come up with some inspired off-the-wall conceit
he could barely exist on such a low wage
he could barely make out their shapes
he could barely see through the fogged window
he could be Gingrich's double
he could beat the best of them
he could determine uniquely the properties of the compound
he could do many things if he pleased
he could do ten at a clip
he could equally well be trying to deceive us
he could feel the beat of her heart
he could feel the shimmy in the steering wheel
he could feel the slickness of the tiller
he could feel the tenseness of her body
he could get no purchase on the situation
he could hardly conceal his excitement when she agreed
he could hear the clang of distant bells
he could hear the drums before he heard the fifes
he could hear the thrum of a banjo
he could hear the unearthly scream of some curlew piercing the din
he could hear them uttering merry speeches
he could learn at second hand from books
he could never refuse a dare
he could no longer contain his hostility
he could no longer cope with the complexities of life
he could no longer earn his own livelihood
he could not believe the meter reading
he could not conceal his hostility
he could not control the sinking of his legs
he could not explain the irreproducibility of the results of his experiment
he could not stand her hectoring moralism
he could not suppress a yawn
he could paint the lightest light and the darkest dark
he could pursue his studies undisturbed
he could retire on his residuals
he could see them through a window in the trees
he could see through the indirections of diplomats
he could sense her latent hostility to him
he could sing all of Gilbert and Sullivan
he could still hear her in his imagination
he could still walk steadily
he could win if he wasn't a choker
he couldn't afford $50 a throw
he couldn't calculate the cost of the collection
he couldn't find her name on the playbill
he couldn't get the hang of it
he couldn't get the top off of the bottle
he couldn't hold still any longer
he couldn't suppress his contemptuous accent
he counted on the coattails effect to win him the election
he counted the house
he counted the ticks of the clock
he counts reading among his interests
he covered left field
he covered the miter with glue before making the joint
he cracked his knuckles restlessly
he cradled it, baby-wise, in his arms
he craftily arranged to be there when the decision was announced
he created a new strain of sheep
he criticized the awarding of compensation by the court
he criticized the woodenness of the acting
he crouched down
he cut a fine figure
he dealt inefficiently with the crisis
he dealt proficiently with the problem
he dealt the cards face down
he dealt with his course work casually
he dealt with the problem of evil theologically, not philosophically
he dealt with the problem rather ineffectively
he dealt with the situation maladroitly
he dealt with the thief mercifully
he decided the case disinterestedly
he decided to go to Chicago on the spur of the moment
he decided to reveal the details only after other sources had reported them incorrectly
he declaimed against the wasteful ways of modern society
he declined to join the group on a hike
he defended his client's civil rights trenchantly
he defended his ideas vigorously
he delights in his granddaughter
he delivered an oration on the decline of family values
he demanded exactness in all details
he demanded his split before they disbanded
he demurred at my suggestion to work on Saturday
he denied any wrongdoing
he denied the imputation
he denies her her weekly allowance
he denies the errancy of the Catholic Church
he deplored the population of colonies with convicted criminals
he described a refinement of this technique
he described his adventures vividly
he described his mental picture of his assailant
he described the event graphically
he describes his adventures vivaciously
he deserved nothing but condemnation
he deserved the berating that the coach gave him
he deserves a good kick in the butt
he deserves his day in court
he designed a new piece of equipment
he despised the esthetic of minimalism
he despised them for their presumptuousness
he detected a ghost of a smile on her face
he detected a note of sarcasm
he determined the length of the shortest line segment joining the two points
he determined the upper bound with Descartes' rule of signs
he determined unique mechanisms for the photochemical reactions
he developed a version of slot grammar
he developed an immense terrestrial practicality
he devoured three sandwiches
he did a bully job
he did a funny impression of a politician
he did a stretch in the federal penitentiary
he did complicated pen-and-ink drawings like medieval miniatures
he did directed study
he did four sets of the incline bench press
he did his act three times every evening
he did his homework promptly
he did his work negligently
he did it covertly
he did it on a bet
he did it out of a feeling of moral obligation
he did it overtly
he did me a good turn
he did not even try to confirm his preconceptions
he did not have a chance to grow up graciously
he did not run for reelection
he did only a half job
he did respectably well for his age
he did so do it!
he did some exercising
he did splendidly in the exam
he did the job rather incompetently
he did the lesson for today
he did them a disservice
he did them a service
he did well despite his withered arm
he did with the book still unended
he did worse on the second exam
he didn't answer directly
he didn't call; rather (or instead), he wrote her a letter
he didn't fully understand
he didn't get enough sleep last night
he didn't get no invite to the party
he didn't have the guts to try it
he didn't have the language to express his feelings
he didn't have the right connector between the amplifier and the speakers
he didn't know the score
he didn't like the crowding on the beach
he didn't make a move to help
he didn't miss a single day of school
he didn't say a word about it
he didn't stay home; on the contrary, he went out with his friends
he didn't think to find her in the kitchen
he didn't want his wife to know of the relationship
he didn't want to burst the newcomer's bubble
he didn't want to discuss that subject
he didn't want to make a fuss
he died in a purge by Stalin
he died intestate
he died while undergoing surgery
he died without issue
he dinned the lessons into his students
he dipped into his intellectual armory to find an answer
he discovered a backup in the toilet
he discovered that his house was not insured against acts of God
he discovered the amenities of reading at an early age
he discussed the general but neglected the particular
he dishonored his family by committing a serious crime
he disliked his neighbors' snootiness
he disliked long farewells
he disliked the thinness of the soup
he disliked the worldliness of many bishops around him
he dismissed it as mere conjecture
he disposed of it without ceremony
he does his job, but he works unambitiously
he does it for kicks
he does not consider wealth synonymous with success
he does not have a grain of sense
he does not speak French
he does not support his natural children
he does not use a baton for conducting
he doesn't have a home to go to
he doesn't know A from izzard
he doesn't like heights
he dominates play in the paint
he drank a cup of coffee
he drank a jar of beer
he drank a mixture of beer and lemonade
he drank heavily
he drank some sherry, his eyes disconcertingly keen as he watched her
he drank to drown his sorrows
he dreaded the storminess of the North Atlantic in winter
he dreamed of a home on the range
he dressed up in a suit and tie
he dresses rather flamboyantly
he drew a heart and called it a valentine
he drew his conclusions quickly
he drew the design on the stencil with a steel stylus
he drifted into the shifting crowd
he drinks moderately
he drives me to distraction
he dropped a case of type, so they made him pick them up
he dropped a clanger
he dropped a word in the right quarter
he dropped by for a visit
he dropped out of the race, clearly distressed and having difficulty breathing
he dropped the consolidation into the acid bath
he dropped the logs on the ground
he dropped the topic like a hot potato
he drove an extra lap just for insurance
he drowned his sorrows in whiskey at the bar
he ducked at the screechings of shells
he ducked behind the garden wall and waited
he ducked under the nose of the gun
he dusted off the seat before sitting down
he dutifully visited his mother every Sunday
he earned $100,000 per annum
he earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude
he earns his living from the interchange of currency
he eased off the gas pedal and the car slowed down
he eats immoderately
he eats too much sugary food
he edited the Hemingway corpus
he edited the news footage
he embellished his stories liberally
he emerged from his hibernation to make his first appearance in several years
he emptied out a shoeful of water
he emptied the contents of his pockets
he encountered a general feeling of resistance from many citizens
he engaged in the hugger-mugger of international finance
he engages in so much tall talk, one never really realizes what he is saying
he enjoyed Beethoven most of all
he enjoyed a sense of peace and protection in his new home
he enjoyed being in the limelight
he enjoyed hearing the tootles of their horns as the musicians warmed up
he enjoyed his relief from responsibility
he enjoyed remembering his father
he enjoyed selling but he hated the travel
he enjoyed the complexity of modern computers
he enjoyed the evening light across the lake
he enjoyed the flexibility of his working arrangement
he enjoyed the freemasonry of the Press
he enjoyed the laughter of the crowd
he enjoyed the society of his friends
he enjoyed the solemn externals of religion
he enjoyed the street noises
he enjoys an exaggerated reputation for probity
he enlivened his editorials with barbed thrusts at politicians
he entered the argument with a predetermination to prove me wrong
he entered the building resolutely
he entered to a flourish of trumpets
he entertained the whole table with his witty remarks
he envied the composition of their faculty
he escaped involvement in the accident
he escaped the notice of the police
he evaded the questions skillfully
he evaluated his chances for survival rather pessimistically
he examined all sides of the crystal
he examined the child's head for vermin
he examined the essay with the greatest minuteness
he exercised caution in opening the door
he exhibits a great talent
he expected his contribution to be repaid with interest
he expected somehow to discover a woman who would love him
he expected the very opposite
he expects to find in us the common honesty and integrity of men of business
he experimented on a particular breed of white rats
he explained it somewhat mistily
he explained sketchily
he explored every nook and cranny of science
he expressed himself idiomatically
he expressed himself imprecisely
he expressed his appreciation in a short note
he expressed his dissent in a contrary opinion
he expressed his ideas eloquently
he expressed his willingness to help
he expresses himself slangily
he extemporized a speech at the wedding
he extended his mitt
he extolled her virtues sky-high
he eyed him up and down
he faced a myriad of details
he faced certain death
he faced forward
he failed in his manner of address to the captain
he failed to get the Black vote
he faked the signature
he fanned out
he favors his second daughter
he feared that mentioning it might reopen the wound
he feared the dangers of traveling by air
he feared the rallying of their troops for a counterattack
he feared the speedy decline of all manhood
he fed four quarters into the slot machine
he feels he is in the right
he feels like a million after he got the promotion
he feels that you are in the wrong
he feigned sleep
he fell asleep
he fell asleep to the music of the wind chimes
he fell behind with his mortgage payments
he fell flop on his face
he fell headlong in love with his cousin
he fell into a deep torpor
he fell morosely on the bed
he fell prey to muggers
he fell right into the trap
he fell sheer into the water
he fell short of our expectations
he felt a compulsion to babble on about the accident
he felt a constriction in her chest
he felt a flat strip of muscle
he felt a gulf between himself and his former friends
he felt a kind of religious zeal
he felt a stream of air
he felt a throbbing in his head
he felt around his desk blindly
he felt as if he had been hit with a club
he felt as if his whole body were on fire
he felt bad about breaking the vase
he felt better after a little sleep
he felt contempt for all banausic occupations
he felt depressed and miserable
he felt he had visited the realm of the damned
he felt his body go limp
he felt incensed that Tarrant should have been treated so leniently given his crime
he felt leanings toward frivolity
he felt out of place in the lingerie shop
he felt responsible for her lowness of spirits
he felt safe on his home grounds
he felt secure in his father's shadow
he felt that his entire life had been a failure
he felt the blood move stickily from his split scalp and trickle down his forehead
he felt the flick of a whip
he felt the presence of an evil force
he felt the stinging of nettles
he felt the temptation and his will power weakened
he filed a complaint
he filed his tax return
he filled out his tax form
he finally accepted hesitantly
he finally admitted that the legislation was a dead duck
he finally got his big break
he finally has a proper job
he finally saw the light
he finally sold the car for scrap metal
he finished an inglorious last
he finished it at a single gulp
he finished the marathon in just under 3 hours
he finished with three strikes in the tenth frame
he first sketches the plot in outline form
he fixed his paternal gaze on me
he flashed a $100 bill
he flashed a fistful of bills of large denominations
he flatly denied the charges
he flew solo
he flicked his Bic
he flipped through my letters in his nosy way
he flipped when he heard that he was accepted into Princeton University
he followed behind
he followed current trends
he followed his leader unquestioningly
he followed instructions to the letter
he followed on foot
he followed the deer's slot over the soft turf to the edge of the trees
he followed the teachings of his guru fanatically
he forced himself to lie absolutely still
he foresaw a probable loss
he forgot the combination to the safe
he forgot the password
he fought a battle for recognition
he fought on, broken-bladed but unbowed
he fought valiantly until the end
he found himself in straitened circumstances
he found his niche in the academic world
he found it in the Sears catalog
he found life unsweet
he found quarters for his family
he found the door fastened and wondered who the fastener was
he framed the problem within the psychoanalytic paradigm
he functions efficiently
he gained access to the building
he gallantly offered to take her home
he gave a final set to his hat
he gave a great halloo but no one heard him
he gave a howl of pain
he gave a speech as part of his installation into the hall of fame
he gave a summary of the conclusions
he gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president
he gave credence to the gossip
he gave directions faster than she could follow them
he gave evidence for the defense
he gave free rein to his impulses
he gave her a boost over the fence
he gave her a box of chocolates
he gave her cheek a playful squeeze
he gave his assent eagerly
he gave his biceps a flex to impress the ladies
he gave his fingers a snap
he gave his hair a quick brush
he gave his hair a quick smooth
he gave his nose a loud blow
he gave his shoes a good cleaning
he gave his word
he gave it a flick with his finger
he gave it a good drenching
he gave it a good looking at
he gave it a good mopping
he gave it a mighty heave
he gave it a rave
he gave it his best shot
he gave it up as a bad job
he gave liberally to several charities
he gave me a clip on the ear
he gave me a cockamamie reason for not going
he gave me a lift home
he gave me a short bob of acknowledgement
he gave me an assist with the housework
he gave me an increase in salary
he gave me his conge
he gave notice two months before he moved
he gave only a crumb of information about his plans
he gave out money to the poor
he gave the attic a good rummage but couldn't find his skis
he gave the ball a powerful kick
he gave the ball a shy to the first baseman
he gave the balloon a small prick
he gave the brat a good spanking
he gave the button a press
he gave the crank a spin
he gave the customer a demonstration
he gave the dog a smart blow
he gave the door a hard push
he gave the door a shove
he gave the envelope a vigorous rip
he gave the hood a quick rub
he gave the napkins a double fold
he gave the project his blessing
he gave the suspect a quick frisk
he gave the table a whack
he gave us a general formula for attacking polynomials
he gave us the news and made a great show of the giving
he gave us the old double cross
he gave us the results in round numbers, but their roundness didn't affect the point he was making
he gave vent to his anger
he gazed reverently at the handiwork
he gestured for silence
he gets by largely on pure spiff
he gets his brains from his father's side
he gives me the creeps
he gladly accepted the mitigated penalty
he goes south every winter for the golfing
he goes to France for variety
he goes to the neighborhood highschool
he goosed the unsuspecting girl
he got a 3% raise
he got a bang on the head
he got a bright red top and string for his birthday
he got a good deal on his car
he got a good fix on the target
he got a hernia when he tried to lift 100 pounds
he got a load on and started a brawl
he got a no-frills introduction to the job
he got a pair of kings in the draw
he got a pass in introductory chemistry
he got a phone call from his lawyer that tensed him up
he got a quick rush from injecting heroin
he got a refill for his ball-point pen
he got a refill for his notebook
he got a refill of his prescription
he got a scoop on the bribery of city officials
he got a splinter in his finger
he got a taste of life on the wild side
he got a tip on the stock market
he got a wage hike
he got an A for effort
he got an A on his composition
he got an estimate from the car repair shop
he got an injunction against vexatious litigation by his enemies
he got change for a twenty and used it to pay the taxi driver
he got credit for directed study
he got down on all fours to play with his grandson
he got four hits in four at-bats
he got his job through the back door
he got his new car on excellent terms
he got his start because one of the regular pitchers was in the hospital
he got his wish
he got in on the ground floor
he got in touch with his colleagues
he got into a terrible fix
he got life for killing the guard
he got out of line
he got out the board and set up the pieces
he got several girls in trouble
he got the beer concession at the ball park
he got the polarity of the battery reversed
he got the promotion by behaving deviously
he got theater tickets through a scalper
he got two flunks on his report
he grabbed the cue by the stock
he grabbed the hammer by the handle
he grabbed the pull and opened the drawer
he grabbed the woman in a chokehold, demanded her cash and jewelry, and then fled
he graduated cum laude
he graduated magna cum laude
he graduated summa cum laude
he greeted her demonstratively
he greeted his friend jovially
he grew up in a good Christian home
he grounded to the second baseman
he growled his reply
he grudgingly agreed to have a drink in a hotel close by
he grumbled a rude response
he guarded his privacy jealously
he guessed right
he habitually keeps his office door closed
he hacked his way through the forest
he had a bad case of the blues
he had a bent for it
he had a bit of good luck
he had a black belt in the martial arts
he had a bowel movement
he had a bye in the first round
he had a change of heart
he had a cleft chin and strong jaw
he had a consultation with the judge
he had a dazed expression on his face
he had a dispute with his wife
he had a drop too much to drink
he had a fair trial and the jury found him guilty
he had a fit
he had a flash of intuition
he had a fondness for whiskey
he had a funny walk
he had a good memory when he was younger
he had a great feeling for music
he had a grossly distended stomach
he had a habit of using nouns verbally
he had a keen ear
he had a kidney transplant
he had a long career in the law
he had a nasty chafe on his knee
he had a nasty spill on the ice
he had a pain in his side
he had a pass for three days
he had a pocketful of change
he had a quantity of ammunition
he had a queasy feeling
he had a quizzical expression
he had a religious experience
he had a sharp crease in his trousers
he had a smudge on his cheek
he had a sparkle in his eye
he had a special antenna for public relations
he had a special knack for getting into trouble
he had a time holding back the tears
he had a variety of disorders
he had a vision of his own death
he had a vision of the Virgin Mary
he had a visual sensation of intense light
he had a whimsy about flying to the moon
he had all the material comforts of this world
he had an absolute zeal for litigation
he had an edge on the competition
he had an inclination to give up too easily
he had an intuition that something had gone wrong
he had an itchy toe from the mosquito bite
he had an unruly shock of black hair
he had become an institution in the theater
he had become complacent after years of success
he had been thinking about the subject for several years
he had been trained rigorously by the monks
he had been unpleasantly surprised
he had coarse manners but a first-rate mind
he had considerable experience of government
he had done a lot of parachuting in the army
he had doubts about the whole enterprise
he had drunk beyond his capacity
he had drunk more than he could carry
he had entered the room inconspicuously
he had eyes of bright blue
he had few communicational grooves available for use
he had filled out the form completely
he had good reason to be grateful for the opportunities which they had made available to him and which consequently led to the good position he now held
he had heard some silly doggerel that kept running through his mind
he had his flaws, but he was great nonetheless
he had his picture taken with a standee of the president
he had in mind to see his old teacher
he had leftovers for dinner last night
he had little respect for the inspirations of other artists
he had lost control of his sphincters
he had made some money on the side
he had me dead to rights but somehow I got away with it
he had memorized the many minutiae of the legal code
he had more than 100 rbi last season
he had never grown accustomed to the monotony of his work
he had no awareness of his mistakes
he had no cause to complain
he had no clear picture of himself or his world
he had no direction in his life
he had no documents confirming his title to his father's estate
he had no inkling what was about to happen
he had no sons and there was no one to carry on his name
he had no stomach for a fight
he had only contempt for the retreated
he had replied insolently to his superiors
he had respect for his rivals
he had second thoughts about his purchase
he had seen how in their dances the white men and women held one another obscenely
he had sinned against her unwillingly
he had so rapaciously desired and so obtusely expected to find her alone
he had spilled catsup on his shirtfront
he had stupidly bought a one way ticket
he had sufficient means to meet his simple needs
he had sunk to the depths of addiction
he had surgery for the removal of a malignancy
he had terrible feelings of guilt
he had the attitude that work was fun
he had the audacity to question my decision
he had the effrontery to question my honesty
he had the gem set in a ring for his wife
he had the hands of a surgeon
he had the shoes made to order
he had the status of a minor
he had the target in his cross hairs
he had the unselfconsciousness of a child
he had thoughtfully brought with him some food to share
he had to clean up the leak
he had to close the window against the flurries
he had to consult his associate before continuing
he had to get his mother to write an excuse for him
he had to overcome his inertia and get back to work
he had to rely less on reason than on rousing their emotions
he had to resort to desperate measures
he had to sell his car at a considerable sacrifice
he had to shift down into second to make the hill
he had to show his card to get in
he had to show his pass in order to get out
he had to take a leak
he had to take the rebuke with a smile on his face
he had to undergo one humiliation after another
he had to unload the merchandise before the year-end
he had trouble deciding which branch of engineering to study
he had trouble expressing the affection he felt
he had trouble phrasing his interrogations
he had two deaths on his conscience
he had two years of half-time training
he had unrecognizably aged
he had walked the full circumference of his land
he had well formulated opinions on schooling
he had writer's block; the words wouldn't come
he hadn't counted on the slackness of the rope
he hadn't had any love in months
he hadn't remembered how fat she was
he handled it with the preciseness of an automaton
he handled the situation adroitly
he handled the vase with care
he hardly ever goes fishing
he hardly said ten words all morning
he has a Mercedes, too
he has a bad case of the itch
he has a cold in the nose
he has a dubious record indeed
he has a feel for animals
he has a flair for mathematics
he has a genius for interior decorating
he has a gift for words
he has a good bath every morning
he has a good grasp of accounting practices
he has a happy disposition
he has a headful of baseball statistics
he has a high opinion of himself
he has a hold over them
he has a house on Cape Cod
he has a job meter reading for the gas company
he has a keen intellect
he has a master's touch
he has a nose for good deals
he has a passion for cock fighting
he has a perfect gambling system at roulette
he has a problem with urinary retention
he has a proclivity for exaggeration
he has a right to a speedy trial
he has a smooth line but I didn't fall for it
he has a sound understanding of the law
he has a special place in my thoughts
he has a strong German accent
he has a strong grip for an old man
he has a strong physique
he has a stubborn streak
he has a thing about seafood
he has a tin ear for dialogue
he has a total blackout for events of the evening
he has a touch of rheumatism
he has a very complicated love life
he has a weakness for chocolate
he has always been honest is his dealings with me
he has an artist's eye
he has an idea that we don't like him
he has an inimitably verbose style
he has an unlisted number
he has become a cheerleader for therapeutic cloning
he has been a conductor since the year dot
he has been on relief for many years
he has been relegated to a post in Siberia
he has compiled a record second to none in its wretchedness
he has dealt with human vagaries for many years
he has delusions of competence
he has distant relations back in New Jersey
he has filial rights because he obtained letters of legitimation from the king
he has four mouths to feed
he has good bone structure
he has his personal bank account and she has hers
he has just arrived
he has just made his first sale
he has long since given up mountain climbing
he has no conscience about his cruelty
he has old-fashioned values
he has played every position except pitcher
he has powerful connections
he has read Plato's Dialogues in the original Greek
he has responsibility for the running of two companies at the same time
he has the authority to issue warrants
he has the least talent of anyone
he has the lesson pat
he has the manners of a pig
he has the one but will need a two and three to go with it
he has the run of the house
he has total recall of the episode
he has tried several different word processing applications
he has very conservatives values
he has virtually no understanding of social cause and effect
he has visited every state in the Union
he has written many scientific papers
he hasn't a sou to his name
he hasn't been seen around these parts in years
he hasn't got the sense God gave little green apples
he hated painting the ceiling
he hated the sameness of the food the college served
he hated the sinuosity of mountain roads
he hated the white man's superiority and condescension
he hated tight starched collars
he hated to play second fiddle to anyone
he hates lukewarm coffee
he heard a spatter of gunfire
he heard a splat as it hit the floor
he heard footsteps on the porch
he heard reports that they were causing trouble
he heard the beat of a drum
he heard the cracking of the ice
he heard the crunch of footsteps on the gravel path
he heard the flush of a toilet
he heard the phone ringing but didn't want to take the call
he heard the scream of the brakes
he heard the screen door slam as she left
he heard the tapping of the man's cane
he heard the trample of many feet
he heard the trip of women's feet overhead
he heard the whiz of bullets near his head
he held a large block of the company's stock
he held a minority position
he held me up at the point of a gun
he held several valuable securities
he held the children spellbound with magic tricks and other fascinations
he held the job in his left hand and worked on it with his right
he held the title for two years
he held up his end
he helped her clear the dining table
he helped me find verbal expression for my ideas
he hemmed and hawed
he hid in the separation between walls
he hired someone to answer his fan mail
he hired someone to do the plowing for him
he hit a double to deep centerfield
he hit a fair ball over the third base bag
he hit a jump shot from the top of the key
he hit his fist on the table
he hit me and I hit him back
he hit the ball round-arm
he hit the ball to deep center
he hit with all the force he could muster
he holds a position of great responsibility
he holds the portfolio for foreign affairs
he holds the record in the mile
he holds the trophy
he hoped for a new life in Australia
he hoped his claims would have a semblance of authenticity
he hoped it was an augury
he hoped to avoid the expense of hospitalization
he huffed and puffed as he made his way up the mountain
he humbly lowered his head
he hung around the house lethargically
he hung his head hopelessly
he ignored complaints from the peanut gallery
he ignored his parents' forbiddance
he ignored his wife's reminders
he ignored the clamor of the crowd
he ignored the wound because of its superficiality
he ignored their teases
he imagined a seraphic presence in the room
he implicitly assumes that you know the answer
he imported wine by the boatload
he improved greatly
he increased the leanness and suppleness of the organization
he indicated his consent
he indicated his opponents
he inherited his delinquency from his father
he initiated deceleration by braking
he inked his finger
he inserted the wedge into a split in the log
he insisted on discipline among the troops
he insisted on giving us the whole megillah
he insisted that we give him the last cut before every deal
he inspected several changes before selecting one
he inspires respect
he instinctively grabbed the knife
he insulted us gratuitously
he interprets the law broadly
he interprets the law narrowly
he introduced a wide vocabulary of techniques
he introduced me to Ahmet Bey
he introduced more efficient methods of production
he invented a technique to determine the sequence of base pairs in DNA
he invested his fortune astutely
he is a Palestinian from Gaza
he is a crack shot
he is a cut above the rest
he is a dogmatically opinionated critic of Modern Art
he is a floor trader
he is a good man in the clutch
he is a good map-reader
he is a good worker
he is a gregarious person who avoids solitude
he is a hard bargainer
he is a hero in the eyes of the public
he is a hopeless romantic
he is a lawyer with a sports background
he is a man of character
he is a man of letters
he is a man of means
he is a man of property
he is a man of purpose
he is a man who enjoys his comfort
he is a master of disguise
he is a native of Brazil
he is a pillar of the community
he is a quick study
he is a real conversation stifler
he is a six-footer
he is a student of the occult
he is a very practical person
he is about average in height
he is adamant in his refusal to change his mind
he is ahead by a pawn
he is alone in the field of microbiology
he is always backslapping his colleagues at staff meetings
he is always in the know
he is always shnorring cigarettes from his friends
he is an anathema to me
he is an authority on corporate law
he is an equably cheerful fellow
he is an officer of the court
he is apt to ignore matters he considers unimportant
he is apt to lose
he is badly in debt
he is being journalistically crucified in his own country
he is believed to be the principal designer of the terrorist bombing attack
he is bleeding viscerally
he is bound in the belly
he is busy at present writing a new novel
he is capitalizing on her mistake
he is chronologically older
he is compensating for being a bad father
he is currently suffering financial embarrassments
he is deceased
he is destined to be famous
he is destructively aggressive
he is determined to bring down the Iraqi strongman
he is doing time in the county jail
he is enjoying great success
he is every bit as mean as she is
he is exploiting the students
he is fairly clever with computers
he is fantasizing the ideal wife
he is fantasizing when he says he plans to start his own company
he is fitted with an identically similar one
he is flagrantly disregarding the law
he is fun to have around
he is going no farther in his studies
he is his own boss now
he is hopelessly romantic
he is in disfavor with the king
he is in the care of a bodyguard
he is in the custody of police
he is incapable of understanding the matter
he is incurably ill
he is infinitely wealthy
he is intelligent but too impractical for commercial work
he is interested in snakes in general
he is interested specifically in poisonous snakes
he is justifiably bitter
he is kind of shy
he is known the world over
he is looking for employment
he is lusting after his secretary
he is mainly interested in butterflies
he is masquerading as an expert on the internet
he is merchandising telephone sets
he is musically illiterate
he is no better today
he is no longer news in the fashion world
he is not a good swimmer
he is not a particularly punctual person
he is not an appreciator of our dilemma
he is not being as straightforward as it appears
he is on the purchasing side of the business
he is one hell of a jumper
he is one of the greats of American music
he is one of the party regulars
he is otherwise normal
he is out of action
he is out on bail
he is outright dishonest
he is permanently disabled
he is personally repulsive
he is plain stubborn
he is playing third
he is potentially dangerous
he is preparing for the 100-yard dash
he is presently our ambassador to the United Nations
he is professor of surgery at the Harvard Medical School
he is quite the crowd pleaser
he is raising money for a Senate run
he is recovering from a broken heart
he is remembered for his generosity and civilization
he is responsible for the precipitation of his own demise
he is running the Marathon this year
he is second chair violin
he is sending around an appeal for funds
he is serving for the game
he is six feet tall
he is starving her of love
he is still on the rebound from his wife's death
he is still recovering from a shot to his leg
he is still youthfully enthusiastic
he is studying for the ministry
he is suavely charming and all the ladies love him
he is subject to fits of depression
he is such a baby
he is such a sprawler he needs a bed to himself
he is superior to fear
he is sure to win
he is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father
he is the best by a long shot
he is the best one
he is the dean of foreign correspondents
he is the honest politician par excellence
he is the linchpin of this firm
he is the officer in charge of the ship's engines
he is the owner of a chain of restaurants
he is the poet laureate of Arkansas
he is the president pro tem
he is the president's point man on economic issues
he is the prototype of good breeding
he is the very model of a modern major general
he is trying to rebuild his life
he is two heads taller than his little sister
he is under an obligation to finish the job
he is unjustifiably harsh on her
he is up by a pawn
he is waiting to be drafted
he is working his servants hard
he is young for his age
he is, after all, our president
he isn't stupid, but he isn't exactly a genius either
he jabbed his finger into her ribs
he jabbed the piece of meat with his pocket knife
he joined a barbershop quartet
he joined a golf club
he joined forces with a band of adventurers
he joined the Atlanta chapter
he joined the Modern Language Association
he joined the defense against invasion
he joined the ranks of the unemployed
he jotted a note in the margin
he jumped into the drink and had to be rescued
he jumped into the pool feetfirst
he just adored his wife
he just did it for effect
he keeps a weather eye open for trouble
he keeps bees
he kept a careful record of his expenses at the meeting
he kept a record of price fluctuations
he kept deferring uxoriously to Mary
he kept drifting off the topic
he kept fighting on pure spunk
he kept finding excuses to stay
he kept his emotionless objectivity and faith in the cause he served
he kept the original copy and gave her only a xerox
he kept the title to his car in the glove compartment
he kept trying to see my hand
he kept wondering profanely why everything bad happened to him
he kicked the proverbial bucket
he kissed her cheek perfunctorily
he knew he was in for a licking
he knew his own faults much better than she did
he knew the rules of chess
he knew the slenderness of my wallet
he knew the stock was a speculation when he bought it
he knew the trap of unsatisfiable longing
he knocked lightly on the closed door of the study
he knocked off the corners
he knocked on the door
he knows a million gags
he knows my bad points as well as my good points
he lacked the leisure for golf
he lacks the foundation necessary for advanced study
he laid a fire in the hearth and lit it
he laid out a fortune in the hope of making a huge profit
he landed a clean left on his opponent's cheek
he landed on the bed with a great flop
he laughed horrifyingly
he laughed out loud
he laughed unpleasantly at his own jest
he launched into a long history of the birth of communism, giving credit punctiliously to the work of Marx and Engels
he lay doggo
he lay face downward
he lay face up
he lay insensible where he had fallen
he leaned against the wall for support
he learned drawing from his father
he learned his trade as an apprentice
he learned many medical terms
he learned the distinction between gold and lead
he learned the seriousness of his illness
he learned to tolerate the heat
he learned to write the numerals before he went to school
he lectured bombastically about his theories
he lectured in an unmodulated voice edged with hysteria
he led a small club
he led a small diamond
he led the Democratic party back from the wilderness
he led the national liberation front
he led the queen of hearts
he left a miserly tip
he left all his worldly possessions to his daughter
he left an indelible mark on the American theater
he left his car in my keeping
he left his farm to his survivors
he left me an almost impossible shot
he left school before the end of term
he left the impression of his fingers in the soft mud
he left the monastery purified
he left the preparation of meals to his wife
he let his anger bottle up until he exploded
he lifted the rifle to his shoulder and fired
he light-heartedly overlooks some of the basic facts of life
he liked to bet on the ponies
he liked to make his points with rhetorical questions
he liked toasted marshmallows
he liked vanilla ice cream
he likes to play golf with the boys
he limited his losses by diversification of his product line
he listened attentively
he listened but resented the imposition
he listened deferentially
he listened for the progress of the troops
he listened for the results on the radio
he listened passively
he listened to an address on minor Roman poets
he lit the fire with a burning splint
he lived a long and happy life
he lived at a fast pace
he lived improvidently for the moment
he lived in the ivory tower of speculation
he lived in the wild
he lived long enough to see the fruit of his policies
he lived on a knife-edge between genius and insanity
he lived on a worldly plane
he lived on the thin slops that food kitchens provided
he lived without a reason progressing toward no-goal
he lives high
he lives high up the river
he lives in a dream that has nothing to do with reality
he lives in the next block
he lives in the present with no thought of tomorrow
he lives in upper westside Manhattan
he lives indolently with his relatives
he lives on Nassau Street
he lives thriftlessly from day to day
he lives upstate New York
he loaded a cartridge of fresh tape into the tape deck
he longed for the comfortable environment of his living room
he longed for the fields of his youth
he longed for the flowers that were yet to show themselves
he longed for the restfulness of home
he longed for the touch of her hand
he looked around for the right size bit
he looked around for the source of the disturbance
he looked askance at the offer
he looked at her accusingly
he looked at her amorously
he looked at her calculatingly
he looked at her frowningly
he looked at her sceptically
he looked at her soulfully
he looked at her speculatively
he looked at her, not wrathfully now, but quizzically
he looked at his friend's new car jealously
he looked at his new customer shiftily
he looked at his professor perplexedly
he looked at his wife admiringly
he looked at his wife adoringly
he looked at me in astonishment
he looked at me with cogitative eyes
he looked at the young woman lustfully
he looked cursorily through the magazine
he looked for an omen before going into battle
he looked for books with the word `jazz' in the title
he looked for her in vain
he looked forward to the excitements of the day
he looked forward to the unification of his family for the holidays
he looked like he had seen a ghost
he looked out at a roomful of faces
he looked pasty and red-eyed
he looked right and left
he looked shriveled and ill
he looked the other direction
he looked up loweringly
he looked vaguely familiar
he looked with squinty eyes
he looked younger after he shaved off his mustache
he looked...with clouded eyes and with an altered manner of breathing
he looks nothing like his father
he looks so sad
he lost all feeling in his arm
he lost because he putted so poorly
he lost consciousness
he lost face
he lost himslef in his music
he lost his faith but not his morality
he lost his place on the page
he lost his romantic ideas about war when he got into a real engagement
he lost his voice
he lost the game by default
he lost the game by playing too riskily
he lost the hole when his approach rolled over the green
he lost the mate to his shoe
he lost the remote for his TV
he lost the thread of his argument
he loved her only in the abstract--not in person
he loved the exoticism of Egypt
he loved the mare and all her mates
he loved the sound of his own oratory
he loved the twilight
he loved to solve chessmate puzzles
he made a backup in case the original was accidentally damaged or erased
he made a bad bull of the assignment
he made a bad mistake
he made a bargain with the devil
he made a beeline for the bathroom
he made a bid to gain attention
he made a break for the open door
he made a dash for the door
he made a deliberate decision not to respond negatively
he made a duplicate for the files
he made a few ad-lib remarks
he made a figure of Santa Claus
he made a good impression
he made a grab for the ball before it landed
he made a great maneuver
he made a great splash and then disappeared
he made a huge blot on his copybook
he made a mental note to send her flowers
he made a mint on the stock market
he made a moon lamp that he used as a night light
he made a motion to adjourn
he made a muddle of his marriage
he made a note of the appointment
he made a scene
he made a small fortune in the commodities market
he made a thorough scan of the beach with his binoculars
he made a thrusting motion with his fist
he made all the obligatory apologies
he made an abrupt turn away from her
he made an audit of all the plants on his property
he made an emotional investment in the work
he made an honest woman of her
he made displeasingly cutting remarks about his friends
he made his escape from the mental hospital
he made his fortune by selling short just before the crash
he made his morning toilet and went to breakfast
he made it the law of the land
he made no secret of his designs
he made several studies before starting to paint
he made the contribution out of his own purse
he made this remark in passing
he made trade protection a plank in the party platform
he made up his mind suddenly
he mailed the circular to all subscribers
he maintained an open door for all employees
he makes a ceremony of addressing his golf ball
he managed it on a shoestring
he managed to wash out the stains
he mapped the glottochronology of the Romance languages
he marvelled at the fineness of her hair
he mastered only the rudiments of geometry
he masterminded the robbery
he may accomplish by craft in the long run what he cannot do by force and violence in the short one
he measure the dissolubility of sugar in water
he measured evoked potentials with an electroencephalogram
he measured the angle of incidence of the reflected light
he memorized all the important chess openings
he menaced the bank manager with a stick
he met his waterloo
he might have been killed; as it is he was severely injured
he minded his own specialized occasions
he mischievously looked for a chance to embarrass his sister
he missed by a mile
he missed the bell in his occupation with the computer game
he missed the brass ring at the Miami convention
he missed the point of the joke
he missed the test and had to take a makeup
he missed their company
he missed too many rehearsals
he mistakenly believed it
he modified his views on same-gender marriage
he moved back
he moved his bank account to a new bank
he moved his family to Virginia
he moved off into the darkness
he moved the throttle to the firewall
he moves about friskily despite his age
he moves ponderously
he must be made to realize that the company stands at a critical point
he must have a heart of stone
he nailed boards across the windows
he nailed the rafters together with a tie beam
he nearly blew us to kingdom come
he nearly fainted
he needed a piece of granite
he needed a salve for his conscience
he needed a tie for the packages
he needed his glasses in order to read the fine print
he needed silence in order to sleep
he needed to grieve before he could achieve a sense of closure
he needs a car to get to work
he needs a regular nudger to keep him awake
he needs advice from someone who's been around
he neglects his children
he never knew what to do in an emergency
he never left my side
he never went back to his hometown again
he noted that she wore a wedding band
he noticed a conflict in the dates of the two meetings
he noticed an item in the New York Times
he obeyed the letter of the law
he objected strenuously to the stand his party was taking
he objected to the dam's massive disfigurement of the landscape
he objected to the deadness of the tennis balls
he observed a regular lunchtime
he observed the snakes so he could describe their behavior
he observed the softening of iron by heat
he obstinates himself against all rational arguments
he occupied a post in the treasury
he occupies the position of manager
he occupies two rooms on the top floor
he offered a persuasive defense of the theory
he offered odds of two to one
he often acts impulsively and later regrets it
he often worked after hours
he only invests in large well-established companies
he only works sporadically
he opened a do-it-yourself store
he opened the bomb bay
he opened the window a crack
he openly flaunted his affection for his sister
he operated a bank of switches
he opposed a policy of American isolation
he opposed the inauguration of fluoridation
he opposed the rearmament of Japan after World War II
he ordered a cup of coffee
he ordered a hold in the action
he ordered a second round
he ordered a whiskey neat
he ordered the planting of policemen outside every doorway
he organized the weekly moot
he overstepped his place
he owed his greatest debt to his mother's uncommon character and ability
he owned a network of shops
he owns a controlling share of the company's stock
he paid all his bills by check
he paid cold cash for the TV set
he paid dearly for the food
he paid especial attention to her
he paid his bill and left
he paid his last respects by standing quietly at the graveside
he paid his respects to the mayor
he paid the bill last month
he painted all day in the garden
he painted scenes from everyday life
he participated actively in the war
he participated in an unofficial capacity
he passed immediately behind her
he passed me up in the street
he passed the bar exam on his third try
he patented a variation on the sandal
he patiently played with the child
he paused on the bottom step
he paused uncertainly
he paused worriedly before calling the bank
he peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes
he peeped his head through the window
he peered haughtily down his nose
he penciled a figure
he perceives shapes tactually
he performed a great feat
he performed badly on the exam
he performed his functions ineptly
he performed the piece amateurishly
he performed well over the long haul
he performed with all the coolness of a veteran
he persisted to call me every night
he phased the intake with the output of the machine
he picked a wife blindly
he picked up the little girl and plopped her down in his lap
he pitched his tent near the creek
he placed a phone call to London
he placed the incipience of democratic faith at around 1850
he placed two weights in the scale pan
he planned a party to celebrate Bastille Day
he planted a field of wheat
he planted fir and pine trees alternately
he played 18 holes
he played Bach on the organ
he played a shtik Beethoven
he played a trick on me
he played baseball in class D for two years
he played baseball in high school
he played best after a couple of martinis
he played catch with his son in the backyard
he played down his royal ancestry
he played only draw and stud
he played some basic scalar patterns on his guitar
he played the drums at a jazz club
he played the first cut on the cd
he played the song ad nauseam
he played the trumps in sequence
he played uncle to lonely students
he played very well
he played with his rubber ball in the bathtub
he plays around a lot
he plays chess day in and day out
he plays tennis with great energy
he plodded tediously forward
he plotted the orbit of the moon
he plotted vindictively against his former superiors
he plucked the strings of his mandolin
he pointed heavenward
he pointed out all the drawbacks to my plan
he pointed the bow of the boat toward the finish line
he pointedly ignored the question
he pompously described his achievements
he popped the question on Sunday night
he posed her against a background of rolling hills
he possesses great knowledge about the Middle East
he posted signs in all the shop windows
he pounced on the food hungrily
he pounded it to a pulp
he poured a shot of whiskey
he practiced Chopin day and night
he practiced his drumming several hours every day
he practiced the art of sophistication upon reason
he practiced the immurement of his enemies in the castle dungeon
he praised the richness of the soil
he predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance
he preferred his erroneous but pleasing mumpsimus to the correct sumpsimus
he preferred the drumsticks to the wings
he prefers shoes of Italian derivation
he prefers to buy secondhand
he prefers to throw sidearm
he prefers windless days for playing golf
he prepared for great undertakings
he prepared for teaching while still in college
he prepared his presentation carefully in advance
he presented excerpts from William James' philosophical writings
he presided over the economy during the period of the greatest stress and danger
he pressed his demand with considerable instancy
he presumptuously overstepped the doctor's orders
he pretended profundity by eye-beamings at people
he pretended to be pleased and applauded decorously
he professes to be a Communist
he promptly forgot the address
he pronounced his R's with a distinct trill
he prophetically anticipated the disaster
he proposed a fresh theory of alkalis that later was accepted in chemical practices
he proposed an elaborate program of public works
he proposed an indicator of osseous development in children
he provided America with an image of the good father
he provided a liaison with the guerrillas
he pub-crawled around Birmingham
he published a collection of his onomastic essays
he published an expose of the graft and corruption in city government
he published an unexpected attack on my work
he pulled a fast one and got away with it
he pulled down the bill of his cap and trudged ahead
he pulled his arm free and ran
he pulled the covers over his head and went to sleep
he pulled the drawstring and closed the bag
he pulled the ropes amain
he punched me in the stomach
he pursued her doggedly
he pushed her against the wall belligerently
he pushed the string through an inconspicuous hole
he put a bandage over the cut
he put a ceiling on the number of women who worked for him
he put a quarter in the slot
he put an ice pack on the injury as a precaution
he put flowers on his mother's grave
he put his best foot foremost
he put his coat over the back of the chair and sat down
he put his desk in order
he put his golf bag in the trunk
he put his knowledge to good use
he put his stamp on the envelope
he put more trust in his own two legs than in the gun
he put on quite an act for her benefit
he put the cup back in the saucer
he put the key in the old clock and gave it a good wind
he put the lamp back in its place
he put the stress on the wrong syllable
he put the whammy on me
he put up a bold front
he puts a high price on his services
he puts duty before pleasure
he putted the ball several feet past the hole
he questioned the adequacy of the usual sentimental interpretation of the Golden Rule
he questioned the attribution of the painting to Picasso
he questioned the sufficiency of human intelligence
he questioned the tenability of my claims
he quickly assembled the fitted pieces
he quickly became one of the boys
he quickly became recognized as a member of the establishment
he quickly learned the discipline of prison routine
he quit smoking cold turkey
he radioed for help
he raised his voice in a last supreme call
he raised the piano lid
he ran a 4 minute mile
he ran away from home to join the circus
he ran bang into the pole
he ran flat out to catch the bus
he ran interference for the quarterback
he ran off a hard copy of the report
he ran some water in the basin and splashed it on his face
he ran the ship aground
he ran through a series of loveless one-night stands
he rationalized his lack of success
he reached into his inside jacket pocket
he reacted ecstatically to my plan to travel to Africa
he reacted rather humorlessly to these rumors
he reacts rather tolerantly toward his son's juvenile behavior
he read a book on salesmanship but it didn't help
he read a chapter every night before falling asleep
he read a transcript of the interrogation
he read his newspaper at breakfast
he read it in yesterday's edition of the Times
he read the article in its entirety
he read the letter absently
he read the mystery at one sitting
he read the warning in the doctor's surgery
he reads the medical journals
he reads to improve his mind
he recalled the experience vividly
he received a bill for mastering the concert and making 100 copies
he received a comfortable income from the syndication of his work
he received a favorable rating
he received a mass of correspondence
he received a medal for valor
he received a somewhat haphazard and discontinuous schooling
he received little recognition working in the shadow of his father
he received no formal education
he received reimbursement for his travel expenses
he received royalties on his book
he received thanks but no pecuniary compensation for his services
he received two messages
he recited the whole poem without a single trip
he recognized her neediness but had no time to respond to it
he recommended exercise to reduce my adiposity
he recommended her without any reservations
he recorded all the little haps and mishaps of his life
he recorded angular distances between the stars
he recorded the spoken language of the streets
he referenced his colleagues' work
he referred opaquely to her recent past
he refused to allow squeamishness to deter him from his duty
he refused to believe that the angel was a hallucination
he refused to give titles to his paintings
he refused to live in the governor's residence
he refused to put the initials FRS after his name
he registered for directed study
he regretted the disappearance of Greek from school curricula
he reinforced the concrete
he rejected a black-and-white world
he rejected her words rebelliously
he rejected stocks that didn't pay dividends because of their speculativeness
he rejected the vanities of the world
he relapsed
he relaxed in sleepy contentedness
he released his clasp on my arm
he relied heavily on others' data
he relied on somesthesia to warn him of pressure changes
he remained a child in practical matters as long as he lived
he remained close on his guard
he remained faithful to his wife
he remained impassive, showing neither interest in nor concern for our plight
he remained serene in the midst of turbulence
he remembered her because she was carrying a large portfolio
he remembered her only hazily
he remembered how he used to pick flowers
he reminded Mao that the paper tiger had nuclear teeth
he remounted his horse
he removed the top of the carton
he rented a color television
he rented an office in the new building
he repaired the TV set expertly
he repeated her remarks verbatim
he repeated his position unrepentantly
he reported his observations to the mayor
he represented the craft of brewers
he requested an audience with the king
he requested reimbursement of $7 for incidental expenses
he requested time off to attend his grandmother's funeral
he resented my failure to return his call
he resented the meaninglessness of the tasks they assigned him
he reserved a large block of seats
he resigned and left me in the lurch
he resigned because his boss used him as a punching bag
he resolved never to drink again
he resorted to the interception of his daughter's letters
he respected the dignity of the emissaries
he responded with a lift of his eyebrow
he retired after 30 years of service
he retired from life when his wife died
he retraced his steps
he retracted nothing that he had said about the inappropriateness of either a corporeal God or a God who is a person
he returned to his devotions
he returned to the land of his birth
he reviewed the play favorably
he reviewed the play unfavorably
he ripped his left trouser on the fence
he risked his fortune on a throw of the dice
he rode horseback to town
he rode into the mouth of the canyon
he roguishly intended to keep the money
he rose from the ranks to become a colonel
he rose on the springtide of prosperity
he rose through the ranks with apparent ease
he rose to prominence through a series of shady deals
he rounded the edges of the box
he routinely parked in a no-parking zone
he ruled that the criminal record of the defendant could not be disclosed to the court
he ruled that the runner failed to touch home
he rummaged through a box of spare parts
he sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage
he saddled me with that heavy responsibility
he said `I am a fool'
he said `no' stolidly
he said he had the crud and needed a doctor
he said he is a fool
he said he was looking for the way out
he said his voices told him to do it
he said it in sport
he said it was sinful to wear lipstick
he said shortly that he didn't like it
he said so in one of his more offensively intellectually arrogant sentences
he said so literally
he said testily: `Go away!'
he said that architecture is the art of wasting space beautifully
he said the space is the most important character in the alphabet
he sailed around the world
he sat bolt upright
he sat down again, restively
he sat down tensely
he sat in his chair dourly
he sat in moody silence
he sat in someone else's place
he sat mutely next to her
he sat on the bank of the river and watched the currents
he sat on the edge of the bed
he sat on the floor cross-legged and meditated
he sat quietly with closed eyes
he sat still as a statue
he saw Jess charging at him with a pitchfork
he saw action in Korea
he saw action in Viet Nam
he saw that he had lost his audience
he saw the black-haired man waiting motionlessly behind the opposite side of the platform
he saw the rewards but not the risks of crime
he sawed the board edgeways
he scheduled a visit to the dentist
he scored 20 points in the first half
he scrambled to get back to the bag
he scraped away the accretions of paint
he screamed at the top of his lungs
he scrutinized his likeness in the mirror
he searched for treasure on the ocean bed
he searched through piles of letters and clippings
he seemed full of vim and vigor
he seemed more content in death than he had ever been in life
he seems to have ample ready money
he seems to have been wholly unread in political theory
he seldom got three square meals a day
he seldom suppressed his autobiographical tendencies
he sensed the awkwardness of his proposal
he sensed the presence of danger
he sent Caesar a force of six thousand men
he sent Smith in for Jones but the substitution came too late to help
he sent a heads-up to the District Attorney
he sent a runner over with the contract
he sent a short message requesting an abort due to extreme winds in the area
he sent a three-word message
he sent e-mail to his fellow hackers
he sent the first picking of berries to the market
he sent them soft copy of the report
he served a prison term of 15 months
he served his country meritoriously
he served in the Vietnam theater for three years
he served too many double faults
he serves additionally as the CEO
he serves as den mother to all the freshmen in this dormitory
he serves at the pleasure of the President
he set a high valuation on friendship
he set a row of posts in the ground and strung barbwire between them
he sets policy and leaves all the administrivia to his assistant
he shared his catch with the others
he shaved off his mustache
he shed his image as a pushy boss
he shivered from the cold
he shook his head disapprovingly
he shot an arrow into the blue
he shot down the student's proposal
he shot his roll on a bob-tailed nag
he shot holes in my argument
he should be punished for his mistreatment of his mother
he should be retained in his present capacity at a higher salary
he shouted his protests at the umpire
he shovelled in the backyard all afternoon long
he showed batters nothing but smoke
he showed great heroism in battle
he showed no consideration for her feelings
he showed off his new sports car
he showed signs of strain
he showered her with caresses
he shuffled out of the room
he signed and mailed his dictation without bothering to read it
he signed the deed
he signed up for a week's car hire
he silenced the whisperings which connected her, untruly and unfairly, with his separation from his wife
he singled to start a rally in the 9th inning
he skimcoated the drywall
he skips asterisks and gives you the gamy details
he slammed the door as he left
he slept fitfully
he slept well
he sliced his drive out of bounds
he slipped on a banana skin and almost fell
he slipped the bolt into place
he slowly phased down the light until the stage was completely black
he smelled offensively unwashed
he smiled at them both impartially
he smiled boyishly at his fiancee
he smiled broadly
he smiled lopsidedly
he smiled mechanically
he smiled shyly
he smoothely released the clutch with one foot and stepped on the gas with the other
he snapped indignantly
he snatched the bills clumsily
he sneaks voyeuristically around the swimming pool
he sniffed the perfume voluptuously
he soldered the connection
he solved all the problems faultlessly
he solved the problem brilliantly
he soon regretted his haste
he sought release from his bondage to Satan
he sought the great oblivion of sleep
he souped up the old cars
he speaks French after a fashion
he speaks French with a trace of an accent
he specified the spatial relations of every piece of furniture on the stage
he spends without heed to the consequences
he spent a quiet afternoon in the park
he spent his life in pointlessly tiresome drudgery
he spent hours looking for the source of that quotation
he spent hours reading to the blind
he spent the entire stop in his seat
he spent the rest of the act gazing longingly over my right shoulder at the illuminated word `Exit'
he spoke ad lib
he spoke amiss
he spoke apologetically about his past
he spoke as if he thought his claims were immune to contradiction
he spoke audibly
he spoke bluntly
he spoke brazenly
he spoke calmly to the rioting students
he spoke extemporaneously
he spoke from the heart
he spoke gloatingly about people he had cheated out of their money
he spoke haltingly
he spoke in a low key
he spoke in a nervous tone of voice
he spoke in an audible whisper
he spoke in broad generalities
he spoke in the clipped clinical monotones typical of police testimony
he spoke loud enough for those at the back of the room to hear him
he spoke slowly
he spoke to her banteringly
he spoke to her fussily
he spoke to the reporter off the record
he spoke with a thick tongue
he spoke with brutal honesty
he spoke with desperate menace
he spoke with great ardor
he spoke with pluperfect precision
he sprayed the garden to get rid of pests
he spun the pinwheel and it stopped with the pointer on `Go'
he staked his claim
he stands acquitted on all charges
he stared as she buttoned her top
he stared at me fixedly
he stared darkly at her
he stared gloweringly at this morning's headlines
he stared over the edge with a feeling of awe
he stared thoughtfully out the window
he stared thoughtlessly at the picture
he started a school for the retarded
he started his new job auspiciously on his birthday
he started his new job inauspiciously on Friday the 13th
he started looking for a gas station
he started the company in his garage
he stated his case clearly
he stated his opinion flat-out
he stated his political testament
he staunchly defended his principles
he stayed glued to one spot
he stayed in London or thereabouts for several weeks
he stayed later than you did
he stayed within the confines of the city
he stepped into the light
he stepped off ten paces from the old tree and began to dig
he stepped on a dud mine
he stepped on the gas
he stepped tactfully in to prevent trouble
he still had all his marbles and was in full possession of a lively mind
he still hangs out with the same crowd
he still holds to the old mumpsimus that a woman's place is in the kitchen
he still remembers the organization of the club
he still remembers their meeting in Paris
he stitched weights into the curtain's hem
he stoically accepted all suffering
he stood at the back of the stage
he stood at the foot of the tower
he stood blinking in the bright sunlight
he stood by unhelpfully while the house burned down
he stood foursquare for religious liberty and toleration
he stood in a pool of light
he stood in front of the mirror tightening his necktie
he stood on a high cliff overlooking the town
he stood on the balls of his feet
he stood on the right
he stood on the rocky prominence
he stood slouchingly at the garden gate
he stood still, his heart thumping wildly
he stood to attention with his shoulders braced
he stood up soundlessly and speechlessly and glided across the hallway and through a door
he stooped down so he could pick up his hat
he stopped at the bar for a quick refresher
he stopped suddenly
he stopped the car and turned off the lights
he stops by daily
he strained to hear the faint sounds
he strove mightily to achieve a better position in life
he struck a match to dispel the gloom
he struggled pertinaciously for the new resolution
he struggled to get free from the rope
he stuck his head in the doorway
he stuck his head in the window
he stuck his head out the window
he stuck the cloth with the needle
he stuck the point of the knife into a tree
he studied auditory masking by pure tones
he studied every facet of the question
he studied his reflection in the mirror
he studied law at Yale
he studied medicine at Harvard
he studied painting and sculpture for many years
he studied respiration in marine air-breathing vertebrates
he studied surveying at college
he studied the French instrumentalities for law enforcement
he studied the anatomy of crimes
he studied the creation and inhabitation and demise of the colony
he studied the entire Wagnerian oeuvre
he studied the faulting of the earth's crust
he studied the physics of radiation
he studied the score of the sonata
he studied the shapes of low-viscosity drops
he studied the snake in detail
he studied the snake intensively
he studied theology at Oxford
he stuffed his laundry into a large bag
he stuffed his mouth with candy
he submitted a faulty report
he submitted his resignation as of next month
he submitted impassively to his arrest
he succumbed to the siren call of the wilderness
he suffered an attack of nerves
he suffered an epileptic seizure
he suffered from fatigue and emotional tension
he suffered mentally
he suffered the imprecations of the mob
he suggested a better formulation
he summarized his main points in his peroration
he summed up his results
he supervised the stocking of the stream with trout
he supported his argument with an impressive array of facts
he supported populist campaigns
he surrendered but asked for quarter
he survived the great test of battle
he swallowed a fishbone and gagged
he swam the furthest
he sweepingly condemned the entire population of the country for the war crimes
he swings breezily into the title song
he swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away
he swore vengeance on the man who betrayed him
he swung late on the fastball
he sympathized on the loss of their grandfather
he takes pride in his son's success
he takes the lead in any group
he talked at large about his plans
he talked big all evening
he talked eruditely about Indian mythology
he talked gently to the injured animal
he talked glibly
he talked inarticulately about the accident that had just taken his wife's life
he talked incoherently when he drank too much
he talked inspirationally
he talked little about his family
he talked plausibly before the committee
he talked short with everyone
he talked stirringly about his days during the war
he talked wheezily
he talks high-mindedly, but we don't know whether he acts according to his principles
he taught a graduate course on learning and memory
he taught foreign languages
he taught his children to keep strictly to the straight and narrow
he taught me to set up the men on the chess board
he taught them the waltz step
he teaches Medieval history
he teaches at the medical school but his fortune came from private practice
he tested for the presence of radon
he tested the set of the glue
he thanked her profusely
he then so resoundingly denounced his former friend
he thinks and theorizes all day
he thinks he's a big shot
he thinks metaphysically
he thought he heard piano music next door
he thought of answering with the truth but he knew they wouldn't believe it
he thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time
he thought she was really hot stuff
he thought well of the book
he threw a flare to the fullback who was tackled for a loss
he threw a rock at me
he threw a wild pitch
he threw away the rest
he threw himself on the mercy of the court
he threw nine straight balls before the manager yanked him
he threw the ball into the air
he threw to a downfield receiver
he tied the Olympic record
he told a fib about eating his spinach
he told a very funny joke
he told his story to some conservative worthies
he told jokes as an icebreaker
he told me curtly to get on with it
he told me that time heals all wounds but that was cold comfort to me
he told the doctor that he had been taking his prescription regularly
he told the painter that he wanted a yellow base with just a hint of green
he told the story laughingly
he told the truth
he told us only the bare bones of the story
he took a bash right in his face
he took a course in Russian lit
he took a course in basket weaving
he took a course in lifesaving
he took a crack at it
he took a crash course in Italian on his way to Italy
he took a deep breath and dived into the pool
he took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly
he took a drink of his beer and smacked his lips
he took a fast track to the top of the corporate ladder
he took a header into the shrubbery
he took a long lead off first
he took a pee
he took a puff on his pipe
he took a shit
he took a shower after the game
he took a sleeping draft
he took a slug of hard liquor
he took a stab at forecasting
he took a trip to the shopping center
he took a turn to the right
he took a vicious cut at the ball
he took a walk after lunch
he took a wild swing at my head
he took a wrong turn on the access to the bridge
he took advantage of the lowness of interest rates
he took aim and fired
he took along a dozen tapes to record the interview
he took driving lessons
he took her comments personally
he took his father's watch apart
he took his leave
he took his pleasure of her
he took it lightly
he took lessons to cure his hooking
he took lessons to cure his slicing
he took me aside for a little heart-to-heart
he took me into his confidence
he took measures to insure the territorial unity of Croatia
he took mind-altering drugs for nonmedicinal reasons
he took off his politician's hat and talked frankly
he took off with a squeal of tires and left the other cars far behind
he took offence at my question
he took part in the experiment as a naive subject
he took the blame for it
he took the computer with a view to pawning it
he took the dogs for an airing
he took the family for a drive in his new car
he took the lead at the last turn
he took the manuscript in both hands and gave it a mighty tear
he took the new car for a spin
he took the redeye in order to get home the next morning
he took the rejection very hard
he took three cookies at a time
he took time out to recuperate
he took up the reins of government
he took up the slack
he took what he wanted and I got the balance
he touched her intimate parts
he touchily refused all offers to help
he trained at putting the shot
he traveled back and forth between Los Angeles and New York
he traveled by rail
he traveled crosstown
he traveled far
he traveled far and wide
he traveled leisurely
he traveled widely
he treated her impolitely
he treated her shoddily
he treated his parents thoughtlessly
he treated his patients impersonally
he treated his staff cavalierly
he treated his students cruelly
he treats her affectionately
he treats his former wife civilly
he treats his former wife uncivilly
he treats his parents rather disrespectfully
he treats his secretary condescendingly
he tried every treatment the doctors suggested
he tried his utmost
he tried to avoid any brushes with the police
he tried to blame the victim but his success on that score was doubtful
he tried to break the bank at Monte Carlo
he tried to calm those who were in a state of extreme inflammation
he tried to catch her eye
he tried to clear his head of the whisky fuzz
he tried to estimate the value of the produce at normal prices
he tried to explain his forwardness in battle
he tried to explain the directional trends of modern science
he tried to express his sorrow at her loss
he tried to find out by indirection
he tried to get a better view of it
he tried to get her ear
he tried to get unposed shots of his friends
he tried to give his falsehood the gloss of moral sanction
he tried to help the down-and-out
he tried to help the really down-and-out bums
he tried to keep his drinking a secret
he tried to make is someway acceptable
he tried to memorizes all the dates for his history class
he tried to pick up the strands of his former life
he tried to save his skin
he tried to shield me from suspicion
he tried to sing the tenor part
he tried to smooth over his contretemps with the policeman
he tried to strangulate his opponent
he tried to take Britain into the Europen Union
he tried to talk between munches on the sandwich
he tried to understand their system of classification
he tried vainly to impress his neglecters
he tripled to the rightfield corner
he tumbled flop into the mud
he tumped over his beer
he turned the box over to examine the bottom side
he turned the paper over so the writing wouldn't show
he turned to religion in his search for eternal verities
he turned up in well-cut clothes...and upmarket felt hats
he turned up the volume
he unashamedly abandoned the project when he realized he would not gain from it
he underestimated the work that went into the renovation
he understood the foulness of sin
he unerringly fixed things for us
he ungrudgingly agreed to pay for everybody's dinner when the guests found themselves without cash
he unnecessarily complexified every problem
he unwittingly deleted the references
he urged zero tolerance for priests who abuse children sexually
he used a bill to prune branches off of the tree
he used a book as a stop to hold the door open
he used a dampener to moisten the shirts before he ironed them
he used a handcart to carry the rocks away
he used a large book as a doorstop
he used a pick to clean the dirt out of the cracks
he used a piece of tape for a belt
he used a scoop to serve the ice cream
he used a solution of peroxide and water
he used a spinner as his troll
he used a wad of cotton to wipe the counter
he used all his conversational weapons
he used gummed reinforcements to hold the page in his notebook
he used his business contacts to get an introduction to the governor
he used his computer to make a collage of pictures superimposed on a map
he used his knife as a spreader
he used his wits to get ahead
he used pliers as a bender
he used pressure to stop the bleeding
he used sarcasm to upset his opponent
he used terror to make them confess
he used that word intentionally
he used the clay plastically
he used the privileges of his office temperately
he used the smear word `communist' for everyone who disagreed with him
he used the wrong exposure
he uses drugs as a psychological crutch
he uses other people's ideas as a springboard for his own
he usually behaves rather conventionally
he usurped my rights
he uttered a curse sotto voce
he uttered harsh language
he valued glory above life itself
he vehemently denied the accusations against him
he viewed it as a balanced polarity between good and evil
he viewed lawyers as the real enemy
he visited during my absence
he visited his cousins fortnightly
he visited several European countries
he visited us informally
he voluntarily submitted to the fingerprinting
he volunteered to taste her latest concoction
he waited for a long time
he waited for along time
he waited for the coincidence of the target and the cross hairs
he waited impatiently in the blind
he walked along the railroad track
he walked around dizzily
he walked around tiredly
he walked away with a springy step
he walked heavily up the three flights to his room
he walked off with my wife!
he walked proudly into town
he walked soberly toward the altar
he walked to school every morning
he walked to the front of the stage
he walked unsteadily toward the exit
he walked up and down the locker room
he walked up and grabbed my lapels
he walked with a heavy inclination to the right
he walked with a kind of saunter as if he hadn't a care in the world
he walked with the help of a wooden staff
he walked with the wiggliness of a child on high heels
he walked with unsteady steps
he wandered around aimlessly
he wanted a better sex life
he wanted a shot at the champion
he wanted a special stone to mark the site
he wanted his portrait painted but couldn't spare time for the sitting
he wanted his share in cash
he wanted some acreage to build on
he wanted some stills for a magazine ad
he wanted the inside skinny on the new partner
he wanted to achieve power and prestige
he wanted to die and end his troubles
he wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself
he wanted to get outdoors a little
he wanted to have a good job before starting a family
he wanted to hear all about my flying visit to his old stamping grounds
he wanted to hear trained voices sing it
he wanted to know what the competition was doing
he wanted to live his own life without interference from others
he wanted to protect his good name
he wanted to put some eye candy on their web site
he wanted to save her life at all cost
he wanted to try his hand at singing
he wants a bicycle so bad he can taste it
he wants to reconstruct the original text
he warned against the use of narcotic drugs
he warned me with a jab with his finger
he was Brentford's defensive star in pluckily holding out the determined Reading raids for long periods
he was President Lincoln's successor
he was a bad influence on the children
he was a baseball celebrity
he was a bull of a man
he was a charter member of the movement
he was a child born of adultery
he was a claimant to the throne
he was a dunker--he couldn't eat a doughnut without a cup of coffee to dunk it in
he was a familiar sight on the television
he was a god among men
he was a good man, decent and sincere
he was a great actor in his time
he was a great believer in the corrosion-resistant qualities of cast iron
he was a major player in setting up the corporation
he was a man of judicial deliberation
he was a model of polite restraint
he was a new addition to the staff
he was a person of bad report
he was a prolific submitter of proposals
he was a real good-time Charlie
he was a regular attender at department meetings
he was a scourer of the seven seas
he was a small cog in a large machine
he was a splendid teacher
he was a stern yet fair master
he was a successful pianist in his day
he was a sugar refiner
he was a yellow gutless worm
he was able to get into the building unspotted and unsuspected
he was above all wishing and desire
he was accidentally killed by friendly fire
he was active in drawing attention to their grievances
he was acutely insightful
he was adequately prepared
he was administered the drug orally
he was admitted to a new program at the university
he was admitted to the bar in New Jersey
he was aflame with desire
he was afraid he would have to let her go
he was afraid of a fire in the circus tent
he was aggressive and imperious; positive in his convictions
he was all het up and sweaty
he was allowed to hear the playback of his testimony
he was alone when we met him
he was amazingly innocent of the ways of the world
he was an Olympic swimmer
he was answerable to no one
he was appropriately dressed
he was armed cap-a-pie
he was arrested for disturbing the peace
he was arrested on a charge of larceny
he was arrogant and occasionally callous
he was asking questions, unavoidable questions, persistently...
he was at bat when it happened
he was at his anecdotic best
he was at the airport shortly before she was expected to arrive
he was at the head of the column
he was at the top of his form
he was attorned by the tenants
he was attracted by the smallness of the taxes
he was available and willing to accompany her
he was awakened by the bluster of their preparations
he was awarded an endowed chair in economics
he was badly bruised by the upset of his sled at a high speed
he was banished from his own country
he was beginning to doubt the accuracy of his compass
he was bent double with pain
he was beyond the reach of their fire
he was big-chested, big-shouldered and heavy-armed
he was bitterly disappointed
he was blissfully unaware of the danger
he was born of slave parents
he was born out of wedlock
he was born to the purple
he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth
he was breathing stertorously
he was brought in to supervise the organization of a new department
he was brought out of retirement temporarily
he was called for setting an illegal pick
he was called on for an aliyah
he was called on to visit ministerially on the dying man
he was captiously pedantic
he was caught red-handed
he was caught up in a whirl of work
he was ceremonially sworn in as President
he was certain to fail
he was charged with being accessory to the crime
he was charged with rolling drunks in the park
he was charmed by the sweetness of her manner
he was cited for his outstanding achievements
he was committed to prison
he was completely ignorant of the circumstances
he was concerned with rail safety
he was consecutively ill, then well, then ill again
he was convicted circumstantially
he was criticized roundly
he was crudely bold
he was cut down on a close play at third
he was dashingly handsome
he was dead on target
he was deathly pale
he was determined to fight to the bitter end
he was directly responsible
he was disappointed that he had not heard the Call
he was dishonorably discharged
he was dismissed unceremoniously
he was divested of his rights and his title
he was doing precisely (or exactly) what she had told him to do
he was dormie three and still lost the match
he was doubly wrong
he was dressed in grey
he was dressed rather formally
he was dumb-struck by the news
he was either normally stupid or being deliberately obtuse
he was ejected for protesting the call
he was elected a fellow of the American Physiological Association
he was elected on his predecessor's coattails
he was elected to a seat in the Senate
he was employed in the capacity of director
he was employed to see that his paper's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors
he was endorsed by the Democratic machine
he was enormously popular
he was equal to the task
he was every inch a statesman
he was excusably late
he was faithful to his woman
he was familiar with those roads
he was famous for his comprehension of American literature
he was famous for his facility as an archer
he was famous for his reading of Mozart
he was famous for the regularity of his habits
he was famous for the truth of his portraits
he was fatally ill equipped for the climb
he was feeling tough after a restless night
he was fifth out of several hundred runners
he was fighting to his last breath
he was filled with humility at the sight of the Pope
he was fined for littering
he was forced to listen to a recital of his many shortcomings
he was fun to be with
he was given a month to pay the bill
he was given credit for his work
he was given overall management of the program
he was granted immunity from prosecution
he was grimly satisfied
he was gruesomely wounded
he was half hidden by the bushes
he was halfway down the ladder when he fell
he was hanging around the house lackadaisically
he was happy to get the win
he was held in captivity until he died
he was held in confinement
he was held in contempt
he was held in solitary
he was held on charges of corruption and racketeering
he was helpless in an important sector of his life
he was helpless under the reign of his egotism
he was her rock during the crisis
he was here for a little while
he was honorably discharged after many years of service
he was honored posthumously
he was hospitalized for extreme fatigue
he was host to a large gathering of luminaries
he was ill prepared
he was immobilized by conflict and indecision
he was impressed by the range and diversity of the collection
he was in Paris recently
he was in a bad humor
he was in a dither
he was in a funk
he was in a snit
he was in bondage to fear
he was in good spirits
he was in line for the presidency
he was in such a state you just couldn't reason with him
he was in the dark concerning their intentions
he was in the employ of the city
he was in the forefront
he was in the grip of a powerful emotion
he was inappropriately dressed
he was incisively critical
he was indebted to the pioneering work of John Dewey
he was indicted for nonpayment
he was inexcusably cruel to his wife
he was infatuated with her
he was insufficiently prepared
he was intensely disliked
he was involuntarily held against his will
he was just grand as Romeo
he was keenly aware of his own shortcomings
he was killed outright
he was late for chapel
he was led astray
he was licensed to carry a weapon
he was listless and bored
he was lukewarmly received by his relatives
he was lying in bed sleeplessly
he was magnetically attracted to her
he was maniacally obsessed with jealousy
he was manifestly too important to leave off the guest list
he was marked as a dead man by the assassin
he was mercilessly trounced by his opponent in the House
he was mildly interested
he was morbidly fascinated by dead bodies
he was much annoyed
he was my best friend at the university
he was my pick for mayor
he was naturally lazy
he was nearly exhausted as their destination came into view
he was negatively affected
he was negatively inclined
he was never covetous before he met her
he was never one to keep a low profile
he was never slow to express his dissatisfaction with the service he received
he was no heavier than a child
he was no spurner of rules
he was not available for comment
he was not good at heaving passes
he was numb with shock
he was off down the road like blue murder
he was on guard that night
he was on the heavy side
he was on trial for allegedly murdering his wife
he was only a child
he was ordained in the Church
he was ordered to report for induction into the army
he was outspokenly critical of the Government's new social policy
he was overwhelmed with gratitude for their help
he was particularly fussy about spelling
he was placed on probation
he was playing perfidiously one side against the other
he was pleased by the audience's reaction to his performance
he was politically active
he was practically the only guest at the party
he was preparing for future employment opportunities
he was previously president of a bank
he was psychically blind
he was punished for taking too many cuts in his math class
he was pushed roughly aside
he was put out at third base on a long throw from left field
he was questioned in private
he was quick to point out his wife's failings
he was raised in the Baptist religion
he was raised in the lap of luxury
he was ready to believe her
he was ready to pop the question
he was recognizably slimmer now
he was recognized by the device on his shield
he was reluctant to make his judgment known
he was resigned to a life of dishonor
he was responsible for the beginning of negotiations
he was responsible for the procurement of materials and supplies
he was rightly considered the greatest singer of his time
he was robustly built
he was romancing the old bag for her money
he was running for dear life
he was sadly neglected
he was scarce sixteen years old
he was scared witless
he was scolded for his forgotten chores
he was secure that nothing will be held against him
he was seen by a shepherd, gamely negotiating a particularly tricky section of the mountain road to San Doloroso
he was sentenced in absentia
he was shocked by the softness of the atmosphere surrounding the young prince, arising from the superfluity of the femininity that guided him
he was short and stocky
he was sick of the humdrum of his fellow prisoners
he was sidelined with a hamstring pull
he was sitting unsuspectingly beyond that wall only a few yards from the burglar
he was sleeping, one arm flung possessively across his wife
he was slow in reacting to the news
he was so dizzy he could hardly stand up straight
he was so dull at parties
he was so pumped he couldn't sleep
he was so tall I thought he was on stilts
he was so tired he could hardly stand
he was soft on his children
he was soiled and seedy and fragrant with gin
he was solicited by a prostitute
he was sorry he had to sever his ties with other members of the team
he was soundly defeated
he was sprawling languorously on the sofa
he was still alive but his vital signs were weak
he was still rumbling discontentedly when Pike returned bearing a folder of foolscap sheets
he was still some distance away
he was stockily built
he was stoutly replying to his critics
he was strongly opposed to the government
he was such a strider that she couldn't keep up without running
he was suddenly aware of the lowness of the ceiling
he was suddenly het up about racing cars
he was suffering from museum fatigue
he was suffering from radiation
he was superficially interested
he was supposed to go to the store
he was supremely confident
he was surprised by the absence of any explanation
he was surprised by the prevalence of optimism about the future
he was surprised to discover that green cards are no longer green
he was surprisingly friendly
he was surrounded by a bevy of beauties in bathing attire
he was suspected of implication in several robberies
he was swelled with pride
he was tagged out at second on a close play
he was taken aback by such inhospitality
he was taken up in worry for the old woman
he was talking deliriously
he was tall and heavyset
he was tapping his fingers on the table impatiently
he was taught from the cradle never to cry
he was telling on all his former colleague
he was testing the government's receptiveness to reform
he was the biggest drawing card they had
he was the generator of several complaints
he was the hero according to his own relation
he was the last to leave
he was the terror of the neighborhood
he was the toast of the town
he was their best hope for a victory
he was thrilled by the speed and the roar of the engine
he was through with school and he was through with family
he was thrown in the brig for missing muster
he was tingling with pleasure
he was told to avoid loose (or light) women
he was too politic to quarrel with so important a personage
he was too shrewd to go along with them on a road that could lead only to their overthrow
he was too soft for the army
he was translated bodily to heaven
he was trapped in a medical swamp
he was treated preferentially
he was trimly attired
he was true to his word
he was unable to give a clear accounting for his actions
he was unable to make his motion because he couldn't get recognition by the chairman
he was unbelievably angry
he was uncharacteristically cool
he was unconstrained by any of the sanctions of polite society
he was university material
he was unjustly singled out for punishment
he was unrecognized in his disguise
he was unwantedly friendly
he was unwashed and uncombed with his clothes half buttoned
he was up on his homework
he was up two breaks in the second set
he was upfront about his intentions
he was upstage with strangers
he was valued for his reliability and pliability
he was viciously attacked
he was visibly upset
he was waiting for them at the rendezvous
he was warmhearted, sensible and unshockable
he was watching her surreptitiously as she waited in the hotel lobby
he was weakly attracted to her
he was wearing a pair of mirrored shades
he was well aware of the richness of his own appearance
he was well behaved in front of company
he was well known throughout the Catholic community
he was wholly convinced
he was winning until he got a split in the tenth frame
he was worn to a frazzle
he was wrinkled and ungroomed, with a two-day beard
he washed his face
he washed the dirt from his coat
he wasn't going to admit his mistake
he wasn't sick--it was just a subterfuge
he wasted his pay on drink
he watched her reflectively
he watched television every night
he watched the beggar trying to make a touch
he watched the impression of the seal on the hot wax
he wears a size 13 shoe
he went a long ways
he went about his work as if in a dream
he went ahead disobediently and did what his supervisor had warned him not to do
he went all over town looking for undersellers
he went back to Sweden to search for his roots
he went back to sleep
he went elsewhere
he went from grunt to chairman in six years
he went hitless for three innings
he went into hiding
he went out to have a look
he went outside for a smoke
he went over the contract with a fine-tooth comb looking for loopholes
he went overboard to please his in-laws
he went scot-free
he went through fire and damnation
he went to bed dog-tired
he went to carry the Word to the heathen
he went to his grave without forgiving me
he went to law school out of respect for his father's wishes
he went to the party dressed in drag
he whispered a spell as he moved his hands
he whispered sweet nothings into her ear
he whistled tunelessly
he will come one day
he will get paid retroactively
he will hold office until the spring of next year
he will not violate his principles
he will probably win the election
he will work here temporarily
he winced at the detected flicker of irony in her voice
he winked at her roguishly
he wishfully indulged in dreams of fame
he withdrew to his sanctum sanctorum, where the children could never go
he wittingly deleted the references
he won easily
he won letters in three sports
he won nip and tuck
he won the point on a cross-court return
he won the prize for best costume
he won three out of five games to take the rubber
he won without any trouble
he won't step into his father's footsteps
he wondered bleakly
he wondered dazedly whether the term after next at his new school wouldn't matter so much
he wooed her with the confident dash of a cavalry officer
he wore a brace on his knee
he wore a jock strap with a metal cup
he wore a vest and tie
he wore a worsted suit
he wore his firearm in a shoulder holster
he wore his national costume
he wore semiformal attire
he worked at home
he worked at the frontier of brain science
he worked away at the project for more than a year
he worked both sides of the street
he worked for a brokerage house
he worked for price stabilization for farm products
he worked here and there but never for long in one town
he worked in obscurity for many years
he worked in the coal beds
he worked intensely
he worked like a demon to finish the job on time
he worked on an interim basis
he worked on his book by fits and starts
he worked relentlessly
he worked the pitcher for a base on balls
he worked the problem out theoretically
he worked to the limits of his capability
he works at a great rate
he works comfortably on three continents
he works for Mr. Smith exclusively
he works for a large cap
he works for a magazine
he works for the United States mail service
he works his parents for sympathy
he works in an unsystematic manner
he works less these days
he works more now
he works on commission
he works part-time
he works quickly
he works very accurately
he worships the almighty dollar
he would become emotional over nothing at all
he would not answer so indefinite a proposal
he would sell his soul for filthy lucre
he would stoop to any device to win a point
he would wittily chime into our conversation
he wound up being unemployed and living at home again
he wrapped a tape around the package
he writes extremely musical music, of which the sound is fastidiously calculated and yet agreeably spontaneous and imaginative
he writes in his leisure hours
he writes stories for the magazines
he writes well
he writes with his right hand but pitches with his left
he wrote a letter of apology to the hostess
he wrote a note expressing his regret
he wrote a textbook on the electrical effects of transposition
he wrote an extended comment on the proposal
he wrote an interesting piece on Iran
he wrote back three days later
he wrote both words and music
he wrote compactly but clearly
he wrote his homefolk every day
he wrote on the flap of the envelope
he wrote pungently about his contemporaries
he wrote reams and reams
he wrote replies to several of his critics
he wrote several plays but only one was produced on Broadway
he wrote the book primarily for economic reasons
he wrote the date on the back of the photograph
he wrote the manual on car care
he wrote the paper with considerable reliance on the work of other scientists
he wrote to his folks every day
he wrote with great flamboyance
he'll get around to it in the sweet by-and-by
he'll win sure as shooting
he's a beer guzzler every night
he's a blasted idiot
he's a cool dude
he's a damn (or goddam or goddamned) fool
he's a doctor in name only
he's a four-striper
he's a good ally in fight
he's a good bloke
he's a good sort
he's a hands-on manager
he's a jimdandy of a soldier
he's a likable cuss
he's a master of the business deal
he's a mere slip of a lad
he's a meticulous dresser
he's a miracle worker
he's a natural for the job
he's a newcomer to Boston
he's a principal actor in this affair
he's a retired army officer
he's a shtik crazy
he's a sweetheart
he's a thorn in my flesh
he's a tiger on the tennis court
he's a tinpot Hitler
he's a truck jockey
he's a veritable swine
he's about 30 years old
he's always gotten a long leash
he's an agreeable fellow
he's an altered (or changed) man since his election to Congress
he's as sharp as a steel trap
he's away right now
he's been dry for ten years
he's behaving rather peculiarly
he's coming for a couple of days
he's family
he's full of zip
he's going to the store but he'll be back here later
he's got plenty of brains but no common sense
he's got the fidgets
he's hot at math but not so hot at history
he's hot tonight
he's in a sweat about exams
he's in the nick
he's in the plumbing game
he's interested in trains and things of that nature
he's kin
he's mighty tired
he's more complex than he seems on the surface
he's much more interested in the getting than in the giving
he's no longer in the loop
he's no plaster saint
he's no slouch when it comes to baseball
he's not a friend, he's an infliction
he's not antisocial; just shy
he's not in my line of business
he's out of my orbit
he's showing his years
he's smart but he's no Einstein
he's the high priest of contemporary jazz
he's the most unneurotic person I know
he's the one who sends out all the new orders and reorders
he's usually a late riser
he's very large in financial circles
he's weak in spelling
head off a confrontation
head the fish
headed bolts
headed cabbages
headed notepaper
health care reform is needed urgently
health considerations override financial concerns
healthful nutrition
healthful sleep
healthy and normal outlets for youthful energy
healthy relations between labor and management
healthy scepticism
healthy unconstricted arteries
heap firewood around the fireplace
heap the platter with potatoes
heaped-up ears of corn
hear in a roundabout way that her ex-husband was marrying her best friend
hear our prayers, Heavenly Father
hear the rolling thunder
heard a rending roar as the crowd surged forward
heard my friend's characteristic laugh
heard nary a sound
heard the glad news
heard the soft and compassionate voices of women
hearing impairment
hearing was good in his other ear
hearsay information
heart attacks are accompanied by distruction of heart tissue
heart disease is the biggest killer in the United States
heart trouble
heart-whole friendship
heartfelt condolences
hearts were trumps
hearty showmanship and all-round outwardness
hearty support
heat and light cracked the back of the leather chair
heat the house
heat the water on the stove
heat therapy gave the best relief
heat transfer to the anode in free burning arcs
heaved his unwieldy figure out of his chair
heavenly body
heavenly hosts
heavily armed
heavy artillery
heavy breathing
heavy casualties
heavy eyelids
heavy fog
heavy going
heavy guns
heavy humor
heavy hydrogen
heavy industry involves large-scale production of basic products (such as steel) used by other industries
heavy infantry
heavy investor
heavy losses
heavy machinery
heavy mahogany furniture
heavy matters of state
heavy metal guitar players use vacuum tube amplifiers to produce extreme distortion
heavy news
heavy rain
heavy seas
heavy serviceable fabrics
heavy sounds
heavy taxes
heavy traffic
heavy traffic overloaded the trunk lines
heavy water
heavy work
heavy-coated policemen astride noble horses
heavy-duty gloves
heavy-lidded eyes
heckle hemp or flax
hectograph the hand-outs
hedge the property
hedge your bets
hedgerows were rimed and stiff with frost
heedful of his father's advice
heedful of the warnings
heedful of what they were doing
heedless of danger
heedless of the child's crying
heel a golf ball
heel shoes
heel that dance
height is a function of age
heighten the tension
heightened interest
heinous accusations
heir to a lordly fortune
held a meeting sub rosa to avoid general criticism
held an ordinal rank of seventh
held an unlit cigarette
held fast to the rope
held hard to the railing
held it edgewise
held the ladder steady
held them in check
held tight
held up all right under pressure
helium and argon are monatomic gases
helium gas was the thermometric fluid
hell hath no fury like a woman scorned
hell's perpetual fires
hell-bent on winning
hellish torture
hellish weather
hellishly dangerous
helm the ship
help is on the way
helped in my own small way
helping freshmen become oriented to college life
helpless and desperate--as if at the end of his tether
helpless with laughter
helplessly inebriated
hem my skirt
hemolytic anemia
hemophilia is determined by a gene defect on an X chromosome
hemopoietic stem cells in bone marrow
hemstitch a sleeve
hence the minuteness of detail in the painting
henceforth she will be known as Mrs. Smith
hepatic cirrhosis
hepatic ducts
her Sunday-go-to-meeting clothes
her acceptance of the gift encouraged him
her accusations were below the belt
her aching muscles forgotten she danced all night
her acrid remarks make her many enemies
her actual motive
her allotted chores
her alluring smile
her amatory affairs
her answer made him deliriously happy
her apparent dominance of her husband was really her attempt to make him pay attention to her
her appetite was lacking
her approach was the opposite of a passive front-porch campaign
her arrival was greeted with a rousing fanfare
her assiduous attempts to learn French
her back arches
her beauty is only skin-deep
her becoming modesty
her behavior was indiscreet at the very best
her black dress--simple to austerity
her blouse had come undone at the neck
her blouse was paper thin
her blushful beau
her body looked sapless
her body was coffined
her bony wrist
her book was a treasure trove of new ideas
her bottle collection is arranged on glass shelves in the window
her boyfriend was noncommittal about their future together
her breezy nature
her brother showed up at the wedding out of the blue
her car broad-sided mine
her cheeks blushed in the cold winter air
her cheerful nature
her child behaves precociously
her clothes were in sad shape
her clothes were simple and unnoticeable
her clothing was disheveled
her cold is worse
her coming was a serious complication
her comments made me feel small
her comments struck a sour note
her complaints went as follows
her compulsion to wash her hands repeatedly
her conceited assumption of universal interest in her rather dull children was ridiculous
her concentrated passion held them at bay
her constant complaints were the main source of his frustration
her creative juices were flowing
her crooning soon put the child to sleep
her cultivation was remarkable
her damaged reputation
her damnable pride
her daughter cared for her in her old age
her death came as a terrible shock
her death was a great grief to John
her deeds were compatible with her ideology
her departure left him in utter devastation
her desperate screams
her dignified demeanor
her dignified manner
her disarranged hair
her dog likes to tree squirrels
her drab personality
her dress was a disturbing clash of colors
her dress was a violent red
her dress was scanty and revealing
her earthy common sense
her easy virtue
her election of medicine as a profession
her enhanced beauty was the result of a good night's sleep rather than makeup
her erstwhile writing
her euphonious Southern speech
her ex-boyfriend stalked her
her explorer husband resisted all her attempts at domestication
her exposed breast
her express wish
her expression became progressively more haunted
her exquisite face
her extraordinary beauty
her eyes are close set
her eyes with their misted askance look
her eyesight went after the accident
her face became fascinatingly distorted
her face showed nothing but stolid indifference
her face was as hard as stone
her face was beautifully made up
her face was blemished
her face was drawn and haggard from sleeplessness
her face was hideously disfigured after the accident
her face went red with anger
her father is extremely rich
her father questioned the young suitor's sufficiency
her favorite Beatitude is `Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth'
her feelings of affection are dormant but easily awakened
her fine drawn body
her finely modeled features
her fingernails were worn away
her fingers came in contact with the light switch
her fingers felt their way through the string quartet
her fingers were long and thin
her first baby
her flyaway hair
her fond and openhanded grandfather
her foot pointed artfully toward tapering toes
her foot was stuck fast
her footsteps echoed hollowly in the empty hall
her friends organized a baby shower for her when she was expecting
her gentle healing hand
her gentle manner was comforting
her gesticulating hands and arms made words almost unnecessary
her gestures and postures became more wanton and provocative
her glasses left marks on the bridge of her nose
her grades were minimal
her greeting was cold and inhospitable
her greying hair was tinged blond
her habitually severe expression
her hair doesn't grow much anymore
her hair is uncolored
her hair was her crowning glory
her hair was in a frizz
her hair-coloring was unusual: a very pale gold
her hand stopped in mid air
her hands rested quietly in her lap
her health is better now
her healthy coloration
her hips curve nicely
her hopes evaporated after years of waiting for her fiance
her hurtful unconsidered words
her husband always chimes in, even when he is not involved in the conversation
her husband and mother-in-law tyrannize her
her husband left her after 20 years of marriage
her husband seemed to know many of the people who were named, but he replied evasively when asked who they were
her husband was unfaithful
her ignored advice
her imagination forced images upon her too awful to contemplate
her impassive remoteness
her inclination is for classical music
her income was laughably small, but she managed to live well
her indifference to his amorous advances really steamed the young man
her infuriating indifference
her interest in people was unfeigned
her invincible spirit
her jewels are locked away in a safe
her late husband
her lazy teasing smile
her leg twitched convulsively
her letters arrived irregularly
her life...presented itself to me as a tragicomical adventure
her lighthearted nature
her line is busy
her lips puckered
her litmus test for good breeding is whether you split infinitives
her longevity as a star
her love of music remains her one saving grace
her major is linguistics
her manner assumed a dispassion and dryness very unlike her usual tone
her manner is quiet and ingratiatory and a little too agreeable
her matronly figure
her melancholic smile
her mind pullulated with worries
her mind wanders
her mocking smile
her mood changed and she was all lightness and joy
her mood changes in accordance with the weather
her mother for one was worried
her mother is always near
her motives were suspect
her multiple personalities
her muteness was a consequence of her deafness
her nagging went on endlessly
her natural and open response
her naturally straight hair hung long and silky
her neat dress
her nerves were taut as the strings of a bow
her new name and passport are cover for her next assignment
her nourishment of the orphans saved many lives
her old achy joints
her ornithological interests
her parents had died four years earlier
her pawn queened
her performance proved to be unsatisfactory
her performance surpasses that of any other student I know
her personality held a strange attraction for him
her petite figure
her pies were simply divine
her pinched toes in her pointed shoes were killing her
her place in literature is secure
her playfulness surprised me
her pleasant personality is already a recommendation
her poor chilblained hands
her poor pestered father had to endure her constant interruptions
her price is far above rubies
her professed love of everything about that country
her proverbial lateness
her qualifications for the job are excellent
her quickly varied answers indicated uncertainty
her quiet unpretentious demeanor
her quondam lover
her red hat gave her outfit a splash of color
her regular bedtime
her reinstatement to her former office followed quickly
her rendition of Milton's verse was extraordinarily moving
her resistance melted under his charm
her rucksack bobbed gently on her back
her salary is peanuts compared to his
her screaming attracted the neighbors
her sense of humor has to be a saving grace
her severe upbringing had left her inhibited
her shady past intrigued him
her shoes had acutely pointed toes
her shortened life was clearly the result of smoking
her sigh was heartbreaking
her singing was off key
her situation was bewilderingly unclear
her smooth operation of the vehicle gave us a surprisingly comfortable ride
her speech has a funny twang
her speech is only lightly accented
her speech was barren of southernisms
her spoiling my dress was deliberate
her startled expression
her steps were slow
her stint as a lifeguard exhausted her
her stockings had several mends
her story would melt your bosom
her streaming eyes
her street name is Bonbon
her stupid oafish husband
her sudden alienating aloofness
her sunglasses reflected his image
her suppers often included celebrities
her sweet unpainted face
her talk was very unliterary
her terpsichorean activities
her tirade provoked a counterblast from her husband
her tone was...conversational although...her eyes were smoldering
her training was adequate
her unconcealed hostility poisoned the atmosphere
her unconventional dress and hair style
her unsteady walk
her upraised flag
her victory was quite something
her vituperative railing
her voice fell gratingly on our ears
her voice is superbly disciplined
her voice was strained as she asked the question
her voice was swift, yet ever the last words fell lingeringly
her voice was too loud
her wan face suddenly flushed
her way of thinking is reconcilable with mine
her weeklong vacation
her weight fell to under a hundred pounds
her well-meaning words were received in silence
her wishes had a great influence on his thinking
her work at the office is passable
her work is highly contentious because of its speculativeness and lack of supporting evidence
her work is widely known
her wounds are festering
herbal tea, herbal medicine
herculean exertions
herded the class into a ragged line
here I must disagree
here the theme is inverted
here we enter the region of opinion
here you must play accelerando
here you must play adagio
here, the hero is melodramatically reunited with the heroine
hereafter you will no longer receive an allowance
hereditary monarchy
hereupon, the passengers stumbled aboard
heroic explorers
heroic legends
heroic sculpture
heroic undertakings
heroics are for those epic films they make in Hollywood
hesitates to be explicit on so ticklish a matter
heteroecious fungi
heteroecious insects
heterozygous for eye color
hew an oak
hew out a path in the rock
hidden agenda
hidden valleys
hide the money
hierarchically organized
hieratic Egyptian script
hieratic gestures
hieroglyphically written
high buildings
high ceilings
high risk investments
high risks
high translunary dreams
high, pale, pure and lovely song
high-flown talk of preserving the moral tone of the school
high-level bombing
high-pitched
high-powered executives
high-priced merchandise
high-resolution photography
high-resolution television
high-technology sunrise industries
high-tension wire
highbrow events such as the ballet or opera
higher education
higher finance
higher learning
higher mathematics
higher wages caused an escalation of prices
highlight the area above your eyebrows
highly competitive sales representative
highly formalized plays like `Waiting for Godot'
highly irregular behavior
highly paid workers
highly sexed
highly suburbanized cities
highly successful
highly technical matters hardly suitable for the general public
highway crews soon had the roads travelable
hike the Rockies
hilarious broad comedy
hilariously funny
hills and subjacent valleys
hills defined against the evening sky
hills timbered up to their summits
hilly terrain
hindsight is always better than foresight
hired hands
his Oxonian neighbors
his Roman bearing in adversity
his Utopia is not a chimerical commonwealth but a practical improvement on what already exists
his Utopia is not as chimeric commonwealth but a practical improvement on what already exists
his `Hamlet' lacks the brilliance that one expects
his abandonment of his wife and children left them penniless
his absence is the hinge of our plan
his account had a poignant undertow of regret
his accusing glare
his accustomed thoroughness
his acknowledged error
his acting was one of the high points of the movie
his action is clear but his reason remains unstated
his ad-lib comments showed poor judgment
his ad-libs got him in trouble with the politicians
his administration was arrogant and despotic
his admission provided ammunition for his critics
his admission was part of a plea bargain with the prosecutor
his admitted doubts
his adolescent protest consisted of willful neglect of all his responsibilities
his adroit replies to hecklers won him many followers
his aim was true
his alcohol problem was a form of escapism
his ambition is to own his own business
his amended ways
his ancestors were not just British, they were Anglo-Saxons
his answer to any problem was to get drunk
his answer was just a punctuation mark
his answer wasn't even in the right ballpark
his answers were brief, constrained and evasive
his antagonistic brusqueness
his appetite for facts was better than his digestion
his approach to every problem is to draw up a list of pros and cons
his approval was an added fillip
his arguments seemed shallow and tedious
his arguments were somewhat self-contradictory
his arm was snapped forward
his arrow hit the mark
his artistic background
his assassins were hunted down like animals
his assignment verged on the impossible
his association of his father with being beaten was too strong to break
his assumption of office coincided with the trouble in Cuba
his assurance in his superiority did not make him popular
his attainment of puberty was delayed by malnutrition
his attention made her feel all perked up
his attentiveness to her wishes
his attitude is the same as ever
his attorney argued for the relation back of the amended complaint to the time the initial complaint was filed
his augmented renown
his authority is beyond exception
his back was nicely tanned
his back was to the wall
his bag included two deer
his bag now is learning to play golf
his bare feet projected from his trousers
his bated hopes
his battered old hat
his beard grew sparsely
his bearded face already has a set hollow look
his beardown performance in the exhibition game
his behavior alienated the other students
his behavior gave the whole family a black eye
his behavior grieves his mother
his behavior was an outrageous flaunt
his behavior was highly emotional
his behavior was not in keeping with the occasion
his bellow filled the hallway
his benefits were disproportionately generous
his best efforts were thwarted
his best finish in a major tournament was third
his black heart has concocted yet another black deed
his blandly incompetent attempts
his blase indifference
his blood curdled
his blood pressure was abnormally low
his bluff succeeded in getting him accepted
his body made a spasmodic jerk
his body was in rebellion against fatigue
his book demolishes an old myth
his book is no longer in print
his bookcases were filled with nothing but novels
his books are eminently translatable
his books were lined up unsystematically on the shelf
his boozy drinking companions
his bosom was bursting with the secret
his boy is taller than he is
his brag cornfield
his brag is worse than his fight
his brief time as Prime Minister brought few real benefits to the poor
his brilliance raised him above the ruck
his broken spirit
his brother's success left him in the shade
his brown hair was tousled, thick, and curly
his bureaucratic behavior annoyed his colleagues
his bureaucratically petty behavior annoyed her
his business commitments took him to London
his business expanded rapidly
his business is auto parts
his business is packaging for transport
his business with the cane was hilarious
his camera does his looking for him
his cancer is in remission
his candid eyes
his car has a lot of pickup
his car was an old model
his care in observing the rules of good health amounted to a kind of religiousness
his career is bound up with the fortunes of the enterprise
his career was in the gutter
his carefully knotted necktie
his carelessness could have caused an ecological upset
his cavelier curtness of manner was exasperating
his certainty reassured the others
his chair sat in a puddle of books and magazines
his challenge of the assumption that Japan is still our enemy
his change on abortion cost him the election
his charge was deliver a message
his charm soon won him affection and popularity
his cheeks were unlined
his cheerful whistling indicated that he enjoyed his work
his cheerfulness made everyone feel better
his chronological age was 71 years
his claim asked for damages
his claim is connected with the deed proper
his claim on her attentions
his claim that he was innocent
his clenched (or clinched) teeth
his clumsy fingers produced an awkward knot
his coat had patches over the elbows
his cogitations were dutifully recorded in his daybook
his coin collection included the complete series of Indian-head pennies
his cold deprived him of his sense of taste
his comments hit home
his common sense is a bridle to his quick temper
his company is a large distributor of software products
his competent but dull performance
his competitor's success was a bitter pill to take
his complacency was absolutely disgusting
his complaint proved to be effectual in bringing action
his compositions always started with the lyrics
his compulsive organization was not an endearing quality
his concentrated attention
his concept of history is modern and inclusive
his concluding words came as a surprise
his conclusion took the evidence into account
his conflict of interest made him ineligible for the post
his conformity was only pretending
his conscience reproached him with the equivocal character of the union into which he had forced his son
his consecration to study
his constant moralizing drove me mad
his constant punning irritated her
his constant shifting disrupted the class
his contention contains more than an echo of Rousseau
his conversion to the Catholic faith
his cosmopolitan benevolence impartially extended to all races and to all creeds
his crash through the window
his crest fell
his cries were unheeded
his crying was an indirect request for attention
his cumbersome writing style
his curmudgeonly temper
his cursed stupidity
his curved lips suggested a smile but his eyes were hard
his cut in the lining revealed the hidden jewels
his cuts were skillful
his cutting of the cake made a terrible mess
his daily run keeps him fit
his date never stopped talking
his date was curvaceously beguiling
his death marked the ending of an era
his decision had depressing consequences for business
his decision merited the approval of any sensible person
his declaration had unforeseen repercussions
his declaration of innocence
his defensiveness was manifested in hurt silence
his deference to her wishes was very flattering
his delicate health
his delight to see her was obvious to all
his demands for attention were unceasing
his deportation to a penal colony
his deposit was refunded when he returned the car
his derelictions were not really intended as crimes
his detention was politically motivated
his determination showed in his every movement
his dignity made him seem aloof and unsympathetic
his dilettantish efforts at painting
his diligence won him quick promotions
his diminishing respect for her
his disconcerting habit of greeting friends ferociously and strangers charmingly
his disguises are many and various
his disinclination for modesty is well known
his disorientation was the result of inattention
his display of foulness deserved severe punishment
his distinguished bearing
his documentary sources are demonstrably wrong
his documentation of the results was excellent
his domain extended into Europe
his doom is as yet unsealed
his dreamed symphony that would take the world of music by storm
his dreams all turned to smoke
his dreams of vast wealth are a hallucination
his dress stops just short of undue elegance
his drive and energy exhausted his co-workers
his dullness was due to lack of initiation
his dying wish
his earlier work reflects the influence of his teacher
his early orphanage shaped his character as an adult
his easy victory was a testament to his skill
his economics textbook is in its tenth edition
his editorials provided a vehicle for his political views
his effort was testimony to his devotion
his election signaled the birth of a new age
his elevation to cardinal
his eloquence attracted a large congregation
his emotional state depended on her opinion
his emphasis on civil rights
his encircling arms
his endless recounting of the incident eventually became unbearable
his enticements were shameless
his entire lineage has been warriors
his ethicism often led him to moralize
his etiolation signaled years in prison
his evasion of all his creditors
his evasion of his clear duty was reprehensible
his excursive remarks
his expectations were unrealistically high
his experience in marketing resulted in the forwarding of his career
his explanation was a misappropriation of sociological theory
his exposure to ridicule
his extended legs reached almost across the small room
his eyes fell
his eyes were dark caverns
his eyes were double bright
his eyes were glazed over with boredom
his eyes were shut against the sunlight
his face all ablaze with excitement
his face became gaunter and more hollow with each year
his face has many lines
his face is twitching
his face remained expressionless as the verdict was read
his face turned red with rage
his face was clouded with unhappiness
his face was flushed with excitement and his hands trembled
his face went red
his face wore a somewhat quizzical almost impertinent air
his face wrinkled in a silent laugh of derision
his failing the course led to his disqualification
his failure to pass the test
his faith was all the support he needed
his family has lived in Massachusetts since the Mayflower
his family is well-situated financially
his family was supportive of his attempts to be a writer
his fate is certain
his fate is sealed
his father gave him a half-dollar and his mother a quarter and he thought them munificent
his father gave him a toehold in the oil business
his father signed his report card
his father was a hard-to-please taskmaster
his father was a tyrant
his father was born in Atlanta
his father was well pleased with his grades
his father's cold and distant demeanor inhibited him emotionally
his favorite dysphemism was to ask for axle grease when he wanted butter
his favorite subject was physics
his fear of being alone verges on morbidity
his fertile effervescent mind
his final word of advice was not to play with matches
his final, straining burst of speed
his fingers have learned gentleness
his fingers snapped
his first (or maiden) speech in Congress
his first impulse was to denounce them
his first job in Hollywood was as a double for Clark Gable
his first job was a crash course in survival and in learning how to get along with people
his first move was to hire a lawyer
his first political race
his first unaided walk through the park
his flight was an indication of his guilt
his flinty gaze
his follow-through was straight down the line toward the target
his followers slavishly believed in his new diet
his foolishness was followed by an exacerbation of their quarrel
his forbearance to reply was alarming
his forgetfulness increased as he grew older
his formula for impressing visitors
his fortune was increasingly insecure
his fortune was secure
his friendship was a comfort
his fulminations frightened the horses
his fumbling attempt to put up a shelf
his function was purely consultative
his furrowed face lit by a warming smile
his future depended on his passing that test
his gambling cost him a fortune
his gap-toothed grin
his generous endowment of the laboratory came just in the nick of time
his gestures provided eloquent reinforcement for his complaints
his getup was exceedingly elegant
his girlfriend kicked him out
his glittering eyes were cold and malevolent
his goal was the repression of insolence
his grades were disgracefully low
his grades were satisfactory
his grandmother taught him his letters
his gratitude was simple and touching
his grazed and bleeding arm proved he had been in the line of fire
his grogginess was caused as much by exhaustion as by the blows
his gross income was enough that he had to file a tax return
his guess was on the nose
his guilt was established beyond a shadow of a doubt
his gums were dead from the novocain
his habitual comment
his hair needed a comb
his hair was caught aggravatingly in the branches of the tree
his hand was illegible
his hand was unsteady as he poured the wine
his hands lay loosely
his hands lay stiffly
his hands shook
his hard work soon attracted the teacher's notice
his hard-core supporters
his hat sat jauntily on his full brown hair
his head fuzzed like a dandelion gone to seed
his head was in the clouds
his health weakened day by day
his hearing was impaired
his heart went pit-a-pat
his hermitic existence
his heroism saved a life
his hesitancy revealed his basic indisposition
his high-stepped stride
his hobby was the building of boats
his home is New Jersey
his hopes were dashed to smithereens
his hopes were so high he was doomed to disappointment
his horse was always groomed
his horse won by a head
his house, his business, indeed, his whole life was heavily mortgaged
his ideals determined the direction of his career
his idyllic life in Tahiti
his ignominious incarceration in the local jail
his ignorance was painfully obvious
his illiberally biased way of thinking
his illiteracy made him unemployable
his impending retirement
his importunity left me no alternative but to agree
his impression of her was favorable
his incomprehension of the consequences
his inconsistency resulted in the demoralization of his staff
his incrimination was based on my testimony
his indecision was only momentary but the opportunity was lost
his indolent leechlike existence
his ingenuous explanation that he would not have burned the church if he had not thought the bishop was in it
his initiation into the club
his insincere words hung hollowly between them
his insistence was pure self-destruction
his instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set
his intended bride
his intent was to provide a new translation
his intentions are entirely honorable
his interest eroded steadily
his intolerance of interruptions
his invariable courtesy
his job left him little leisure
his job was to give technical assistance over the phone
his judgment is rather hit-or-miss
his judgment was undistorted by emotion
his just inheritance
his knowledgeability impressed me
his labor did not require a great deal of skill
his labors haven't ended there--not by a long shot
his lacerating remarks
his landing on his feet was catlike
his landscapes were deemed the acme of beauty
his lanky long-boned body
his lap was covered with food stains
his last words
his leaden arms
his leadership inspired the team
his lectures dispelled the darkness
his lectures have no structure
his lectures tend to heaviness and repetition
his leg was in traction for several days
his letter of recommendation gave her a terrific buildup
his letters provided a bridge across the centuries
his letters were always on the theme of love
his library was a cluttered room with piles of books on every chair
his lids would stay open no longer
his life followed a wandering course
his life had been unoriginal, conforming completely to the given pattern
his life was all fun and games
his life was almost too organized
his life was drawing to a close in baffled zeal and unrelaxed strain
his lifelong study of Greek art
his lineaments were very regular
his little sister came along to the movies
his long commitment to public service
his long face lugubriously reflecting a hidden and unexpressed compassion
his look was fixed on her eyes
his lordly manners were offensive
his loss of credibility led to his resignation
his lost book
his lost honor
his love for his work
his loved companion of many years
his lovemaking disgusted her
his low backstairs cunning
his lying got him into a tight corner
his mad contorted smile
his main pastime is gambling
his main reading was detective stories
his majestic presence
his major care was the illness of his wife
his major field was mathematics
his malocclusion was caused by malposed anteriors
his manipulation of his friends was scandalous
his manner is more confident these days
his manner of expression showed how much he cared
his manner of speaking was quite abrupt
his marks were not at all discreditable
his mastering the art of cooking took a long time
his meeting with the salesmen was the high point of his day
his men acted disloyally and betrayed him in the end
his mental measurings proved remarkably accurate
his mind wandered
his miserable treatment of his family
his misinterpretation of the question caused his error
his mission accomplished he took a vacation
his mood swings
his mother eyed my clothes with a supercilious air
his mother is very old
his mother looked at him dolefully when he told her he had joined the Army
his mother was doddering and frail
his mother was his abject slave
his mother's death left him in a daze
his mother-in-law's visits were a great trial for him
his motivation was at a high level
his mouth grinned trustfully
his mouth slightly opened
his move put him directly in my path
his movements are uncoordinated
his multiple achievements in public life
his muscular firmness
his music has African roots
his music is characterized by a happy athleticism
his music was his central interest
his name has long been forgotten
his name is in all the record books
his name really is George Washington
his name was struck off the rolls
his narration was hesitant
his narrative was interesting
his narrowed eyes
his nearest approach to success
his neatly trimmed hair
his neck is broken
his new office lacked the spaciousness that he had become accustomed to
his new play was a great success
his new position involves a qualification of his party's platform
his new software is a follow-up to the programs they started with
his newfound aggressiveness
his next stop is Atlanta
his no was loud and clear
his nomination was hotly protested
his notes were appended at the end of the article
his novels always have a lot of action
his off-the-wall antics
his office is the third door down the hall on the left
his office was a hole-in-the-wall
his official honor is vindicated
his oily smoothness concealed his guilt from the police
his only recourse was the police
his operas synthesize music and drama in perfect harmony
his opinion carries great weight
his opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page
his opinions are in flux
his opponent cut upward toward his chin
his opponent riposted
his opposition to slavery was unmistakable
his organization of the work force was very efficient
his other arm lay across his chest, unnaturally, as if placed there deliberately, for a purpose
his other books are still in storage
his out-of-pocket costs were $10
his outfit marched to the rearward of the tank divisions
his painting sets the benchmark of quality
his paintings reveal a sensitive interpreter of nature
his parents' subsequent marriage resulted in his legitimation
his part was right in the middle
his parting shot was `drop dead'
his passion for work was unsatiable
his pension gave him security in his old age
his people have been farmers for generations
his perfectionism seemed excessive to his students
his performance was off
his performance went over big
his perseveration continued to the point where it was no longer appropriate
his perversely erotic notions
his physician recommended psychoanalysis
his pictures hang in the Louvre
his pitch fell short and his hat landed on the floor
his place in history was foreordained
his plan of attack was misguided
his planning for retirement was hindered by several uncertainties
his playing coruscated throughout the concert hall
his playing is facile and unstrained
his plundering of the great authors
his poetry celebrated the slower pace of life in the country
his poetry contains much talk about love and anger
his policies were a disaster
his polished manner
his polished prose
his poor distorted limbs
his portion was larger than hers
his postprandial cigar
his powerful arms
his powerful serves won the game
his powerfulness was concealed by a gentle facade
his praise released from her loud protestations of her unworthiness
his presence was a consolation to her
his presumption was intolerable
his pretension to the crown
his prices are unreasonably high
his principal opponent unblushingly declared victory before the ballots had been counted
his productive years
his professed intentions
his promise is not worth a damn
his promotion caused much heartburning among his rivals
his promulgation of the policy proved to be premature
his proposal was nothing but a house of cards
his proposals were met with rejection
his prose has a buckram quality
his prospects as a writer are excellent
his protruding ribs
his providentially destined role
his putting let him down today; he didn't sink a single putt over three feet
his quadraphonic sound system
his questions covered a lot of territory
his quick adeptness was a product of good design
his quick reaction prevented an accident
his quick wit and chirpy humor
his rage for fame destroyed him
his rapid manner of talking
his rather unstable religious convictions
his rationality may have been impaired
his rattlebrained crackpot ideas
his reaction to the news was to start planning what to do
his reaction was phenomenally quick
his reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue
his reappearance as Hamlet has been long awaited
his rebellion is the bitter, sardonic laughter of all great satirists
his recent trip to Africa
his recognized superiority in this kind of work
his refutation of the charges was short and persuasive
his regular calls on his customers
his reincarnation as a lion
his religiousness is dialectically related to his sinfulness
his reluctant delivery of bad news
his remarks always vivify an otherwise dull story
his remarks are not quotable in mixed company
his remarks were intended to be completely nonracial
his remarks were trite and commonplace
his reply was unhesitating
his report was full of etceteras
his reported opinion
his reputation for promiscuity
his resentment festered
his resentment took the form of extreme hostility
his resignation had political implications
his resoluteness carried him through the battle
his respect for the law bordered on veneration
his responses have slowed with age
his responsibilities were a constant strain
his retirement fund was set up to be paid as an annuity
his retirement was not allowed to go unmarked
his ribbing was gentle but persistent
his roar made the infernals quake
his rolled umbrella hanging on his arm
his room was toward the rear of the hotel
his roots in Texas go back a long way
his roses were beauties
his rudeness was unwitting
his rustiness showed when he was asked to speed up
his salary was determined by his rank and seniority
his saving grace was his sense of humor
his saxophone was in pledge
his scathing remarks about silly lady novelists
his search for a move that would avoid checkmate was unsuccessful
his second marriage was happier than the first
his second-best bed
his secretary said he was unavailable for comment
his seeming honesty
his self-assertive and ubiquitous energy
his self-satisfied dignity
his sentence was 5 to 10 years
his sermons benefited from a leavening of humor
his sermons were full of fire and brimstone
his sermons were unpredictably witty and satirical as well as eloquent
his sexual preferences
his sheathed sword
his shirt was black within an hour
his shirttails stuck out from his tuxedo pants somewhat incongruously
his shoelaces were undone
his shoes were crunching on the gravel
his shooting was slow but accurate
his shot hit the rim and bounced out
his shouted words of encouragement could be heard over the crowd noises
his shtik made us laugh
his signature was just a squiggle but only he could make that squiggle
his silence about my contribution was surprising
his sincerity inspired belief
his singleness of purpose
his sister would have looked beautiful in that dress, he thought wistfully, just like an angel
his skillful contrivance of answers to every problem
his skin itched
his slashing demon-ridden cadenza
his slide didn't stop until the bottom of the hill
his slipping and slithering progress over the ice
his sloppy appearance made a bad impression
his smile said that everything was copacetic
his smile was part of his appeal to her
his smile was very mechanical
his social sphere is limited
his son would never be the achiever that his father was
his sophomore year
his sorrow...made him look...haggard and...woebegone
his sour breath offended her
his southern Yorkshire voice was less inflected and singing than her northern one
his special interest is music
his specialization is gastroenterology
his speech remained unimpaired
his speech was garbled
his speeches smacked of racism
his sphere of activity
his spirit lives on
his spirit rose
his square plebeian nose
his starting meant that the coach thought he was one of their best linemen
his state is in the deep south
his state of health
his statement was tantamount to an admission of guilt
his statue was demolished as part of destalinization
his stature low...his bearing ungraceful
his steps turned toward home
his stewing over the fight kept him awake most of the night
his stock was so high he could have been elected mayor
his stomach was in knots
his stop consonants are too aspirated
his stoppage of the flow resulted in a flood
his stories made him the center of the party
his stories were too susceptible to ulteriority
his story brought tears to her eyes
his story confirmed my doubts
his streaming face
his strenuous pulling strained his back
his strict morality is just a reaction formation to hide his sexual drive
his striking good looks always created a sensation
his stubbled chin
his students followed him like sheep
his style of painting was a reaction against cubism
his submission to the will of God
his success in the marathon was unexpected
his sudden consciousness of the problem he faced
his support kept the family together
his support made a material difference
his support made a real difference
his survey of the battlefield was limited
his suspiciousness destroyed his marriage
his switch on abortion cost him the election
his sympathies were always with the underdog
his tantrums are a statement of his need for attention
his taste was impeccable, his health admirable
his teams are always good on defense
his technical innovation was his brushwork
his teenage son still behaves very immaturely
his temper sparked like damp firewood
his temper was well known to all his employees
his testimony was a concoction
his testimony was just a contrivance to throw us off the track
his theory is an amalgam of earlier ideas
his theory is the antithesis of mine
his thesis is still incomplete
his thinking was in the American mainstream
his thinking was superficial and fuzzy
his thirst quenched he was able to continue
his threat to kill me was quite explicit
his threatening behavior
his tie proclaimed his school colors
his tie was a present from his wife
his tinseled image of Hollywood
his tired heavy-footed walk
his title is Director of Communications but he is just a spin doctor
his title to fame
his tone became menacing
his toneless mechanical voice
his tools were in an orderly array on the basement wall
his tortuous reasoning
his transparent self-justification was unacceptable
his transparently deceitful behavior
his transparently lucid prose
his treatment of space borrows from Italian architecture
his treatment of the children is an abomination
his treatment of the race question is badly biased
his trembling was evidence of his fear
his trophy wife was an asset to his business
his trousers had a sharp crease and you could see your reflection in his shoeshine
his trusted discreet aide
his uncanny sense of direction
his uncompromising condemnation of racism
his undying fame
his unguarded queen was open to attack
his unostentatious office
his unseamed face
his unselfishness gave him great intellectual roominess
his unsmooth face
his unspent allowance
his unstinted devotion
his unsuccessful mollification of the mob
his unsullied name
his untempered individualism
his unwillingness to cooperate vetoed every proposal I made
his various achievements are impressive
his vast and versatile erudition
his version of the fight was different from mine
his victimization infuriated him
his victory is a certainty
his views on race got him into political hot water
his views were unchangeably fixed
his vigorous backing of the conservatives got him in trouble with progressives
his vilely spelt and illiterate letters
his violent death was euphemistically referred to as a passing away
his voice fell to a whisper
his voice had an edge to it
his voice had no trace of the drawl that you would expect to find in a fashionably dressed young man
his voice is breaking--he should no longer sing in the choir
his voice rang raucously
his voice was firm and confident
his voyeuristic pleasures
his vulnerability to litigation
his warning came after the breakdown of talks in London
his weakness increased as he became older
his wealth fluctuates with the vagaries of the stock market
his wealth was not a passport into the exclusive circles of society
his well-wishing supporters
his whole attitude had undergone a subtle change
his wife behaved domineeringly
his wife gave a recital of his infidelities
his wife is British
his wife played him false
his wife was always a good source of ready cash
his wife, always palely appealing
his wig was, as the British say, skew-whiff
his willing embrace of new ideas
his word was gospel
his words were slurred
his work established a new department of literature
his work is based on only original, not secondary, sources
his work is interesting and varied
his work seems trivial and inconsequential
his works tenuously survive in the minds of a few scholars
his world was shattered
his worry over the prospect of being fired
his writing conveys great energy
his writing could be diabolically satiric
his writing was full of parentheticals
his yacht is a 60-footer
his years in prison have barbarized the young man
his youth is past
histologically identifiable structures
historians can only point out those lines for which evidence is available
historic victories
historical (or historic) times
historical scholars
historically they have never coexisted peacefully
history has clearly shown the folly of that policy
history takes the long view
histrionic gestures
hit a ball
hit him flush in the face
hit him with quick rights to the body
hit the ball hard
hit the ball squarely
hit the ball to deep center field
hit the ball to shallow left field
hit the exact center of the target
hit the mark
hit-and-run units
hitch the trailer to the car
hitherto imperturbable, he now showed signs of alarm
hoarse cries
hoary jokes
hobble race horses
hobnailed laborers
hoist a sail
hoist the bicycle onto the roof of the car
hoist the flags
hold a reception
hold all calls to the President's office while he is in a meeting
hold back your anger
hold in place
hold one's nose
hold the brush so
hold these truths to be self-evident
hold your breath
hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes
hold your temper
hold your tongue
holding a grudge
holds 3 gallons, more or less
holds a firm position as the country's leading poet
hole-and-corner intrigue
holism holds that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts
holistic medicine treats the mind as well as the body
holistic theory has been applied to ecology and language and mental states
hollow cheeks
hollow out a tree trunk
hollow sepulchral tones
holographic document
holystone the ship's deck
home is where the heart is
home-baked cakes and pies
home-brewed beer
home-cured hams
home-style cooking
homely fare
homely manners
homely truths
homemade bread
homeopathic medicine
homespun garments
homespun linen
homeward-bound commuters
homiletic speech
homing pigeons
homogenize the main ingredients
homogenized milk
hone a knife
honest dealing
honest lawyers
honest reporting
honestly, I don't believe it
honor comes to bless the turf that wraps their clay
honor your parents!
honorable service to his country
honorific social status commonly attaches to membership in a recognized profession
hooflike calluses
hook a fish
hook the ball
hook up the houses to the gas supply line
hooklike thorns
hoop vats
hope is antithetic to despair
hope of eventual (or ultimate) rescue
hope to win salvation hereafter
hope too is extinguishable
hoped for a speedy resolution of the problem
hoped his departure had passed unnoticed
hoped secretly she would change her mind
hopefully the weather will be fine on Sunday
hopelessly spoiled by a fond mother
hopes for a durable peace
hopes that last but a moment
hormonal changes
horn-rimmed glasses
horned viper
hornless cattle
horns at the ends of a new moon
horny (or horned) frog
horny coral
horrendous explosions shook the city
horrible like raw and putrid flesh
horrific conditions in the mining industry
horseradish grown in poor soil may develop prongy roots
horses and other hoofed animals
horses are herbivores
horses were clogged until they were tamed
hose the lawn
hospitable invitations
hospitable to new ideas
host specificity of a parasite
hostile actions
hostile bid
hostile faces smirched by the grime and rust
hostile factions
hostile naval and air forces
hostile takeover
hostile tender offer
hot and cold running water on tap
hot and stuffy and the air was blue with smoke
hot at craps
hot for travel
hot fuel rods
hot merchandise
hot on the trail
hot pants
hot pink
hot salsa
hot stove
hot summer pavements are anything but kind to the feet
hot trumpets and torrid rhythms
hot water
hot water will gelatinize starch
hot-blooded Latin-Americans
hourly chimes
hourly pay
hours and minutes are commensurable
house painting was the only craft he knew
house-to-house coverage
housebroken pets
houses built endways
houses on fire
houses set closely together
houses with a pronounced horizontality
houses with quaint thatched roofs
houses with regulated temperature
housetop is a compound word
housewifely virtues
hovels without running water
how are you spending your summer vacation?
how big is that part compared to the whole?
how can I make amends
how can I stop my child from telling stories?
how can a refined girl be drawn to such an unrefined man?
how can you say such a thing?
how close are we to town?
how could you do such a thing?
how cunningly the olive-green dress with its underskirt of rose-brocade fitted her perfect figure
how did you ever fall for a shtik like that?
how did your interview go?
how did your talk go over?
how do you cure the hiccups?
how does this thing work?
how dull and dreary the world is
how extraordinarily slippery a liar the camera is
how far can we get with this kind of argument?
how fast can he get here?
how gloriously happy she had been during those few fleeting moments of time
how it got out is a mystery
how long can a person last without food and water?
how long is a day on Jupiter?
how long will you be gone?
how many instantiations were found?
how many lines of communication can there be among four people?
how many nonstops are there to Dallas?
how much interest do you pay on your mortgage?
how much is the damage?
how much of the story is fact and how much fiction is hard to tell
how old are you?
how rattlepated I am! I've forgotten what I came for
how silly an ardent and unsuccessful wooer can be especially if he is getting on in years
how soon will the computers be up?
how sweet the moonlight sleeps upon this bank
how well organized she is
how would you rank these students?
how you can do that is beyond my comprehension
however he did it, it was very clever
howl with sorrow
howls of laughter
huge country estates
huge government spending
huge popular demand for higher education
hull the berries
human behavior depends on many imponderables
human beings
human beings are able to walk on two feet
human beings are not the end-all of evolution
human beings--the speaking animals
human females normally have two X chromosomes
human frailty
human kindness
human males normally have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome
human nature
human triploid fetuses are usually spontaneously aborted
humanistic studies
humanitarian aid
humanity they knew to be corrupt...from the day of Adam's creation
humanly possible
humans are innately inhumane; this explains much of the misery and suffering in the world
humans have 22 chromosome pairs plus two sex chromosomes
humic acid
humid air
humid weather
humified soil
humiliated that his wife had to go out to work
humor: an effective ingredient of a speech
humorous cartoons
humorous stories
hundreds of miles were railed out here
hundreds of people attended his funeral
hunger for affection
hunger gave their faces a sunken look
hunger had caused the hollows in their cheeks
hungry children with bloated stomachs
hungry for recognition
hurl insults
hurry--it's late!
hurrying their education along
hurt by a careless remark
hush my baby!
hushed voices
hushed-up stories sometimes leak out
husk corn
hydrate your skin
hydraulic brakes
hydraulic engineer
hydraulic erosion
hydriodic acid is a strong acid
hydrocarbons are organic compounds
hydrochloric and sulfuric acids are called inorganic substances
hydroelectric power
hydropathic treatments
hydroponic lettuce
hydrostatic pressure
hyenas scavenge
hygienic habits like using disposable tissues
hygienic surroundings with plenty of fresh air
hymeneal rites
hyperbolic functions
hypercritical of colloquial speech
hyperfine structure
hypersensitive to pollen
hypertonic muscle tissue
hypertrophied myocardial fibers
hypertrophy of the pharyngeal tonsils is called adenoids
hyphenate these words and names
hypocritical praise
hypodermic needle
hypoglycemic agents
hypophysectomized tadpoles
hypothalamically controlled secretions
hypothetical situation
hysterical amnesia
hysterical laughter
iambic pentameter
ice crystals frosted the glass
ice is water in the solid state
ice-clogged rivers
iceberg is still the most popular lettuce
icebound harbors
iced tea is a cooling drink
icily neutral, disagreeably unhelpful
icy hands
icy knifelike reasoning
icy northern waters
icy stare
ideally, this will remove all problems
ideas translatable into reality
identical triangles
identical twins are monovular
identification by retinal scanning is complicated by eye movements
identification of the gun was an important clue
ideological application of a theory
ideologically, we do not see eye to eye
idiomatic English
idiopathic epilepsy
idle carpenters
idle drifters
idle fears
idle funds
idle hands
idle pleasure
idle talk
idle, unconstrained gossip
idled the hours away
idleness is the trait of being idle out of a reluctance to work
idolatrous worship
if I didn't have bad luck I wouldn't have any luck at all
if I had my way
if I had the chance I'd do it in a flash
if I'd known he was her boyfriend I wouldn't have asked
if a man be gracious and courteous to strangers it shows he is a citizen of the world
if a pin or password is lost or forgotten it can be changed and reissued but a biometric identification cannot
if f(x)=y, y is the dependent variable
if he didn't take it, then who did?
if he was the cynosure of all eyes he didn't notice
if it be a sin to covet honor, I am the most sinning soul alive
if it's good enough for you it's good enough for me
if my partner has a spade stopper I can bid no trump
if someone saw a man climbing a light post they might get inquisitive
if that happens it will be at some distance in the future
if that phone call is for me, chances are it's my wife
if the effort brings no compensating gain it is a waste
if the loop gain is too great the system may go into oscillation
if the rumor is true, can anything be more inept than to repeat it now?
if there are any defects you should send it back to the manufacturer
if they deposit these shares in the scheme they will get further buckshee shares on a one-for-one basis
if this trend continues it is not reasonable to expect the eventual collapse of the stock market
if this were known it would be the kiss of death for my political career
if we could see far into the future
if we don't get there early, all the best seats will be gone
if we further suppose
if we lose the election the whole legislative merry-go-round will have to start over
if we pick up our pace he may be stoppable
if you are cold, turn up the heat
if you are wrong then, a fortiori, so am I
if you don't order dessert I won't either
if you drop a match in there the whole place will explode
if you forget your password, it can be changed and reissued
if you gum the tape it is stronger
if you have any proof for what you say, now is the time to produce it
if you hurry you'll catch the post
if you persist in that course you will surely fail
if you think him guilty you judge amiss
if you want to be a success you have to dress like a success
if you want to leave early you have to ask the foreman
if you've time to spare go by air
igneous fusion is fusion by heat alone
igneous rock is rock formed by solidification from a molten state; especially from molten magma
igneous rocks...closely appressed by this force
ignore the genus communism
ill at ease among eddies of people he didn't know
ill effects
ill feelings
ill from the monotony of his suffering
ill manners
ill omens
ill predictions
ill will
ill-advised efforts
ill-considered actions often result in disaster
ill-fitting clothes
ill-gotten gains
illegible handwriting
illicit trade
illness forced him to live an inactive life
illness led to his premature death
illuminated advertising
illusionary stage effects
illusive hopes of finding a better job
illustrate a book with drawings
imagination reveals what the world could be
imbricate the roof tiles
imbued with the spirit of the Reformation
immaterial apparitions
immature behavior
immeasurable suffering
immeasurable wealth
immediate contact
immediate demobilization of the reserves
immense numbers of birds
immigrants of the same nationality often seek each other out
immigrants' varied ethnic and religious traditions
immobilization of the injured knee was necessary
immoderate laughter
immoderate spending
immolate the valuables at the temple
immune from criminal prosecution
immune from taxation as long as he resided in Bermuda
immune to persuasion
immunity to criticism
immunocompetent cells
immunodeficient rodents
impaired eyesight
impale a shrimp on a skewer
impalpable distinctions
impalpable shadows
impart a new skill to the students
impatient of criticism
impatient to begin
impatient with the slower students
impelling skill as a teller of tales
impenetrable gloom
impenetrable jargon
impenetrable rain forests
imperfect mortals
imperial colony
imperial palace
imperialistic wars
imperially decreed
imperiously he cut her short
imperishable truths
impermanent palm cottages
impermeable stone
impermissible behavior
impersonal criticism
impertinent of a child to lecture a grownup
impetuous heaving waves
impious toward one's parents
implanted convictions
implement a procedure
implicational language universals
implicit trust
important people
imported wines
imposing a gag order on members of the press violates the First Amendment
impossibility should never be confused with improbability
impossible behavior
impossible to escape the dogging fears
impossible to grow tobacco on the exhausted soil
impossibly far from sources of supply
imprecise astronomical observations
impregnable self-confidence
impressed by the richness of the flora
impressionist music
improper attire for the golf course
improper banking practices
improper medication
improved farmlands
imprudently, he downed tools and ran home to make his wife happy
impure thoughts
in 1912 the ocean liner Titanic sank on its maiden voyage
in 1920 the 18th amendment to the Constitution established prohibition in the US
in 1948 Truman crossed the country several times on his whistle-stop tours
in 1968 ETA launched a campaign of political assassinations of government officials
in 1972 the Japanese Red Army was responsible for a massacre at an airport in Israel
in 1974 the DFLP took over a schoolhouse and massacred Israeli schoolchildren
in 1992 Perot tried to organize a third party at the national level
in 1995 Aum members released deadly sarin gas on a Tokyo subway train
in 1999 ALIR guerrillas kidnapped and killed eight foreign tourists
in 200 BC
in 200 BCE
in 200 CE
in 25 words or less
in AD 200
in August 1914, there was a dismally sentimental little dinner, when the French, German, Austrian and Belgian members of the committee drank together to the peace of the future
in B flat minor
in Britain a garbage truck is called a dustcart
in Britain a showroom is called a salesroom
in Britain they call a bobby pin a grip
in Britain they call a divided highway a dual carriageway
in Britain they call a fender a wing
in Britain they call a gearshift a gear lever
in Britain they call a jimmy and jemmy
in Britain they call a mailbag a postbag
in Britain they call a pinball machine a pin table
in Britain they call a shirtwaist a shirtwaister
in Britain they call an access road a slip road
in Colonial America left-handed marriages between Frenchmen and Indians were frequent
in England `fanny' is vulgar slang for female genitals
in England a housewrecker is called a housebreaker
in England a popsicle is called an ice lolly
in England the place where taxis wait to be hired is called a `taxi rank'
in England they call a hardwareman an ironmonger
in England they call a period a stop
in England they call a quintillion a trillion
in England they call a real estate agent a land agent
in England they call a septillion a quadrillion
in England they call a slowpoke a slowcoach
in England they call a talk show a chat show
in England they call an elevator man a liftman
in England they call life insurance life assurance
in England they call light cream `single cream'
in England they call mail `the post'
in England they call one thousand million a milliard
in England they call takeout food `takeaway'
in English the subject and the verb must agree in number
in Faubourg Sainte-Marie
in French certain letters are often unsounded
in Georgia they serve congealed salads
in Great Britain they used to call a hardware store an ironmonger's shop
in Hindu folklore Rama is the epitome of chivalry and courage and obedience to sacred law
in Holland he lived incognito as a carpenter in the shipyards of the East India company
in Japan a fungus forager can earn a good living
in Japan most fish is eaten raw
in New England they call sodas tonics
in Paris the subway system is called the `metro' and in London it is called the `tube' or the `underground'
in Yemen kat is used daily by 85% of adults
in a big rage
in a bimetallistic system both gold and silver can constitute legal tender
in a deep sleep
in a fever of resentment
in a fiduciary capacity
in a final bravura the ballerina appeared to be floating in water
in a forward gear
in a freshly ironed dress and polished shoes
in a frightful hurry
in a homeward direction
in a humorous vein
in a hurry to lock the door
in a light doze
in a mean mood
in a mediate position
in a mo
in a nasty mood
in a normal eye the optic axis is the direction in which objects are seen most distinctly
in a particularly worrisome predicament
in a peaceable and orderly manner
in a relational database the data are organized as a number of differently sized tables
in a shallow trance
in a static system oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface
in a stuperous narcotized state
in a supervisory capacity
in a tearing rage
in a terrible mental state
in a timorous tone
in a unary operation in a mathematical system one element is used to yield a single result
in a weak financial state
in a world where financial probity may not be widespread
in addition to accounting and auditing, CPAs also prepare tax returns for individuals and corporations
in adjuratory terms
in all armies there were officers who needed to prove their bravery by single combat
in all likelihood we are headed for war
in all perfectly beautiful objects there is found the opposition of one part to another and a reciprocal balance
in an abrasive fashion
in an accelerated program in school
in an agony of hopeless grief
in an early stage
in an instant all the deadness and withdrawal were wiped away
in an optimistic mood
in an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized
in anatomical structure prehistoric man shows close affinity with modern humans
in any event, the government faced a serious protest
in arrears with their utility bills
in blissful ignorance
in bridge you must follow suit
in cahoots with
in careful usage the noun enormity is not used to express the idea of great size
in case of trouble call 911
in certain conditions previously inhibited conditioned reactions can reappear
in chess cool nerves are of the essence
in chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen
in clear effective nontechnical language
in cold blood
in collee she minored in mathematics
in common law any degree of contributory negligence would bar the plaintiff from collecting damages
in common with families in general, one parent families have been getting smaller
in complementary distribution
in conclusion I want to say...
in confidential tone of voice
in constant pain
in contrast to
in deep space
in deep trouble
in defense he said the other man started it
in deference to your wishes
in diametric contradiction to his claims
in direct contact with the voters
in direct sunlight
in due course
in economic terms they are very privileged
in effect, they had no choice
in engineering the margin of safety is the strength of the material minus the anticipated stress
in fact, it was a wonder anyone survived
in fair health
in fine fettle
in focus
in four-chambered hearts, the two auricles move synchronously
in friendly territory
in general terms
in good kilter
in good processional order
in good trim
in grim despair and awestruck wonder
in he can't get it honestly, he is willing to steal it
in her hierarchical set of values honesty comes first
in her immaculate white uniform
in her letter she praised him glowingly
in her third pregnancy a woman is said to be gravida three
in his birthday suit
in his famously anecdotal style
in his final years
in his foreword Professor Clark puts it explicitly
in his haste to leave he forgot his book
in his middle thirties
in his sight she could do no wrong
in his trouser's pocket
in hot pursuit
in hot water
in hot weather they dined in their shirtsleeves
in imminent danger
in inflation everything gets more valuable except money
in intelligence he was head and shoulders above the others in his class
in its mysterious past it encompasses all the dim origins of life
in just a bit
in just about a minute
in last place
in law he found his true metier
in lieu of
in line with
in long supply
in many corners of the world they still practice slavery
in many languages, speakers decline nouns, pronouns, and adjectives
in mathematical science connections are exhibited which...are extremely unobvious
in mid-1958
in mint condition
in modern times like these
in most museums such articles are untouchable
in most people the speech center is in the left hemisphere
in most schools physical education is compulsory
in motor vehicles a universal joint allows the driveshaft to move up and down as the vehicle passes over bumps
in my estimation the boy is innocent
in naturalistic colors
in neutral, the gears disengage
in no fit state to continue
in no wise
in object-oriented programming, objects include data and define its status, its methods of operation and how it interacts with other objects
in order to avoid food poisoning be sure the meat is well cooked
in order to experience something different, you need to go off the beaten path
in other times
in other words, we are broke
in our house dancing and playing cards were out
in periods of high merger activity there is a bandwagon effect with more and more firms seeking to engage in takeover activity
in plain view
in poor health
in prescribed order
in principle, we agree
in public he wore a painted smile
in recent months
in recommendations were adopted in toto
in repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes varied
in retrospect
in return we gave them as good as we got
in reverse gear
in round numbers
in running (or working) order
in screaming agony
in serried ranks
in shining white armor
in some Islamic nations Tazir crimes are set by legislation
in some countries, people with genetically transmissible disabilites are sterilized
in some societies a childless woman is rejected by her tribesmen
in some species of coelenterate, polyps are a phase in the life cycle that alternates with a medusoid phase
in sooth
in spite of her love of reading she denied being an egghead
in spite of his troubles he never gave up hope
in spite of our warnings he plowed ahead with the involuntariness of an automaton
in spite of the heat he insisted on his woolen costume
in spite of their weakness the group remains active
in starkly realistic terms
in stormy weather the stars are out of sight
in summer we play outside
in summer, we need to run the dehumidifier in the basement
in ten years' time the Oxbridge mathematicians, scientists, and engineers will not be much more significant numerically than the Oxbridge medical schools are now
in that event, the first possibility is excluded
in that no man's land between negotiation and aggression
in that well-educated company I felt uncomfortably provincial
in the 13th century Ferrara was a center of Renaissance learning and the arts
in the 1980s the Fatah-RC was considered the most dangerous and murderous Palestinian terror group
in the 19th century Prussia led the economic and political unification of the German states
in the 19th century any reference to female sexuality was considered a vile aspersion
in the 5th century BC ancient Athens was the world's most powerful and civilized city
in the Book of Ezekiel Gog is a ruler from the land of Magog but in the Book of Revelation Gog and Magog are nations under the rule of Satan
in the Copernican system the earth and other planets revolve around the sun
in the Middle Ages the unrestricted sale of indulgences by pardoners became a widespread abuse
in the Odyssey Homer tells of lotus-eaters who live in dreamy indolence
in the Ptolemaic system of planetary motion the earth is fixed as the center of the universe with the sun and moon and planets revolving around it
in the South a snipe hunt is practically a rite of passage
in the U.S. the president is the commander in chief
in the abdominal region
in the altogether
in the bar, a youngish, sharp-eyed man was staring moodily into a gin and tonic
in the belly of the ship
in the best sense charity is really a duty
in the black of night
in the body free radicals are high-energy particles that ricochet wildly and damage cells
in the book, a tycoon unaccountably becomes the hero's friend
in the bosom of the family
in the building trade such a trader is picturesquely described as a `brass plate' merchant
in the characteristic New York style
in the circumstances it was expedient to express loyalty
in the circumstances it was tactless to ask her age
in the common interest
in the dark he had to depend on touch and on his senses of smell and hearing
in the day of the dinosaurs
in the days of sailing ships
in the days of the Roman Empire
in the deep of night
in the deep of winter
in the depths of an Acheronian forest
in the depths of despair
in the doghouse
in the dumps
in the early 1950s computers were large and expensive and unreliable
in the embryonic stage
in the experimental trials the amount of carbon was measured separately
in the eyes of the law
in the fall of 1973
in the fifth inning, the Giants struck, sending three runners home to win the game 5 to 2
in the flood tide of his success
in the grand manner
in the hot seat
in the interest of safety
in the late 19th century, engines were placed in front, amidships, and at the rear
in the latter case
in the living room there was a tank of colorful fish
in the long run we will all be dead
in the long run we will win
in the meantime the police were notified
in the middle ages feria was used with a prefixed ordinal number to designate the day of the week, so `secunda feria' meant Monday, but Sunday and Saturday were always called by their names, Dominicus and Sabbatum, and so feria came to mean an ordinary weekday
in the middle years
in the midst of the crowd
in the midst of the forest
in the morning the grass was wet with dew
in the near future
in the next room
in the ninth century the Vikings began raiding the Anglo-Saxons in Britain
in the old days a policeman walked a beat and knew all his people by name
in the old days she had been harsh and stiff; afraid of her husband and yet arrogantly proud that she had a husband strong and fierce enough to make her afraid
in the old days, people were drawn and quartered for certain crimes
in the political orbit of a world power
in the raw
in the rightmost line of traffic
in the second place
in the seventeenth century England had known fifty years of doctrinal quarrels and civil war; clergymen had been turned from their cures, and churches irreverently used
in the stilly night
in the summer of 1958 the pianist had a sensationally triumphant return
in the summer the nightlife shifts to the dance clubs
in the twilight of the empire
in the twilight zone between humor and vulgarity
in the unenviable position of resorting to an act he had planned to save for the climax of the campaign
in the upper center of the picture
in the uttermost distress
in the wake of the accident no one knew how many had been injured
in the year 1920
in this computer game, space travellers are vaporized by aliens
in this painting, the relationship of the upper part of the body to the lower is uneasy and the right thigh seems unwarrantably stressed
in this race, I managed to outran everybody else
in this wise
in those days a wife had to depend on the mercifulness of her husband
in those days the hanging of criminals was a public entertainment
in tight formation
in time they came to accept the harsh reality
in truth, moral decay hastened the decline of the Roman Empire
in typical Greek and Latin verse of the classical period the rhymic system is based on some arrangement of long and short elements
in villages, the new pipeline marks the end of water as a precious liquid, to be dispensed frugally, weighed out drop by drop
in vitro fertilization
in vivo techniques
in what discipline is his doctorate?
in winter we play inside
in your 1850 church you not infrequently find a dramatic contrast between the sumptuous appointments of the building itself and the inhuman barrack-like living conditions in the church room
in your behalf
in your element
in your heart you know it is true
in your shirtsleeves
in...the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered
inactive accounts
inactive machinery
inactive reserve
inadequate training
inadmissible evidence
inaesthetic and quite unintellectual
inanimate objects
inappreciable fluctuations in temperature
inappropriate shoes for a walk on the beach
inarticulate beasts
inarticulate with rage
inattentive students
incalculable riches
incapable of carrying a tune
incapable of doing the work
incapable of solution
incautious talk
incendiary bombs
incense filled the room
incensed at the government's heavy-handed economic policies
incensed at the judges' unfairness
incestuously conceived
inchoative stages
incident light
incidental expenses
incidentally, I won't go to the party
incipient civil disorder
incisive comments
incisive teeth
incite a riot
inclined to be moody
incoherent with grief
income exempt from taxation
incoming class
incoming mail
incommodious hotel accommodations
incommunicado political detainees
incompatible colors
incompatible personalities
incompetent at chess
incompetent witnesses
inconceivably small
inconclusive evidence
incongruous behavior
inconsiderately, he asked to be invited for dinner
inconsistent accounts
inconsistent statements cannot both be true at the same time
inconsistent with the roadmap
inconsolable when her son died
inconstant affections
incontrovertible proof of the defendant's innocence
incorporate this document with those pertaining to the same case
incorruptible judges are the backbone of the society
increased expenses put a squeeze on profits
increasing prices
increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases
incredibly, she survived the crash
incriminatory testimony
inculcate values into the young generation
incurring debts is easier than paying them
indecipherable handwriting
indecisive boundaries running through mountains
indecorous behavior
indeed, the rain may still come
indefinable yearnings
indelible memories
indent the documents
indescribable beauty
index the book
indicated his wishes in a letter
indications of strain
indicative mood
indifferent about which book you would give them
indifferent to her plea
indifferent to the sufferings of others
indigo flowers
indirect benefits
indirect evidence
indiscriminate reading habits
indisputable (or sure) proof
indisputable evidence of a witness
indistinct shapes in the gloom
individual drops of rain
individualism is in danger of being swamped by a kind of corporatism
indoor activities for a rainy day
induce a crisis
inducement of sleep
inductive reactance
inductive reasoning
inductive to the sin of Eve
indulged temperately in cocktails
indulgent grandparents
indulgent parents risk spoiling their children
indurated customs
industrial carpeting
industrial output
industrial work
industrial-strength detergent
industrialism prepared the way for acceptance of the French Revolution's various socialistic offspring
industrialized areas
industrially produced
industries hit hard by the depression
ineffable ecstasy
ineffective legislation
inefficient workers
ineligible for retirement benefits
ineligible to vote
inept handling of the account
inequitable taxation
ineradicable superstitions
inert matter
inescapable conclusion
inexpensive family restaurants
inexpert but conscientious efforts
inexplicable errors
inexpressible anguish
inextricable unity
infamy unmatched in the Western world
infantile behavior
infantile games
infantile paralysis
infantrymen in Vietnam were called grunts
infantrymen were in the rear
infection can cause a lupus flare
infectious disease
infectious hospital
infective agents
infelicitous circumstances
infelicitous phrasing
inferential reasoning
inferior alveolar artery
infernal heat
infernal instruments of war
infernal noise
infernal punishment
infernal regions
infernally clever
infinite verb form
infinite wealth
infinitival clause
infirm of purpose; give me the daggers
inflate a balloons
inflate the currency
inflation is growing exponentially
inflationary prices
inflectional morphology is used to indicate number and case and tense and person etc.
influenced by ethnic and cultural ties
influential leadership for peace
information collected by casual methods and in their spare time
information is updated in real time
informed opinion
infrahuman animals
infrangible human rights
infrared photography
infrared radiation
infrequent outbursts of temper
infuriated onlookers charged the police who were beating the boy
inglorious defeat
ingrained habits of a lifetime
inhale the fresh mountain air
inhaled nasally
inheritable traits such as eye color
inherited an unencumbered estate
inhibit the action of the enzyme
inhibit the rate of a chemical reaction
inhospitable mountain areas
iniquitous deeds
initial `l' in `little' is nonsyllabic
inject heroin
inject hydrogen into the balloon
inject subcutaneously
injunction were formerly obtained by writ but now by a judicial order
injured feelings
injured soldiers
injustice can make us tolerant and forgiving
ink a pen
ink-smudged fingers
inner circles of government
inner regions of the organization
innervate a muscle or a nerve
innocent of literary merit
innovative members of the artistic community
innumerable difficulties
inoffensive behavior
inorganically bound molecules
inpouring throngs of immigrants
inquire into the disappearance of the rich old lady
insane laughter
insanely jealous
inscribed around its base is a charm in Balinese
insectivorous plants are considered carnivores
insensate destruction
insensible earth
insensible to pain
insensible to the suffering around him
insensitive to radiation
insensitive to the needs of the patients
insentient (or insensate) stone
inseparable pieces of rock
insert a picture into the text
insert your ticket into the slot
inshore fisheries
inside Paris, they used to tube mail
inside information
inside out
inside, the car is a mess
insiders said the company's stock was in play
insidious pleasures
insignificant sounds
insincere and effusive demonstrations of sentimental friendship
insipid hospital food
insipidly expressed thoughts
insistence on grammatical correctness is a conservative position
insistent hunger
insofar as it can be ascertained, the horse lung is comparable to that of man
insolated paper may turn yellow and crumble
insomniac nights
insomniac old people
inspan the draft animals
inspissate the tar so that it becomes pitch
install the washer and dryer
instant gratification
instant replay caused too long a delay
instead of the war ending quickly, it became bogged down in trench warfare
instead of working on the problem at home he devoted face time to it at the office
instill medication into my eye
institute proceedings
institutional food
institutional policy
institutional religion
institutionalized graft
institutionalized suicide as practiced in Japan
institutionally controlled
institutions of popular government
instruction as to when and where a silk hat is de rigueur
instruction is not an educational sideshow
instructional aids
instructional designers are trained in something that might be called tradecraft
instructions altered to suit the children's different ages
instrumental compositions
instrumental in solving the crime
insubordinate boys
insufferable insolence
insufferably overbearing behavior toward the waiter
insufficient funds
insular attitudes toward foreigners
insular territories
insuperable heroes
insuperable odds
insurance companies are exposed to a moral hazard if the insured party is not honest
insurance provided protection against loss of wages due to illness
insure the safety of the children
insurmountable disadvantages
intangible assets such as good will
integrated schools
intellectual bankruptcy
intellectual literature
intellectual problems
intellectual workers engaged in creative literary or artistic or scientific labor
intellectually gifted children
intellectually influenced
intelligible pronunciation
intemperate rage
intemperate zones
intense anxiety
intense blue
intense desire
intense emotion
intense heat
intense itching and burning
intense pain
intensive agriculture
intensive care
intensive conditions
intentional damage
interchange this screw for one of a smaller size
interchangeable electric outlets
interchangeable parts
interchurch aid
intercollegiate basketball
intercontinental exploration
intercontinental flights
intercostal muscles
interdenominational cooperation between Methodists and Presbyterians
interdepartmental competition
interdisciplinary studies
interest in proximate rather than ultimate goals
interest is compounded quarterly
interest-bearing accounts
interested in knowing who was on the telephone
interested in one particular artist
interested in sports
interested spectators
interfacial tension is the surface tension at the interface between two liquids
interfaith good will
intergalactic space
interior decoration
interior regions of the earth
intermediate capacity
intermediate stages in a process
intermediate stops on the route
intermediately hot
intermeshed twin rotors
intermittent rain showers
intermittently we questioned the barometer
intermolecular condensation
intermolecular forces
internal mechanism of a toy
internal organs
internal party maneuvering
internalize a belief
international affairs
international law...only authorizes a belligerent to punish a spy under its municipal law
international relations
international trade
international waters
internationalize trade of certain drugs
internecine war
interpersonal situations in which speech occurs
interplanetary travel
interpret the plague as a visitation from heaven, a supernal punishment for the sins of men
interracial conflict
interracial schools
interracially restrictive
interred in an unlamented grave
interrelationships of animal structure and function
intersperse exclamation marks in the text
interstate commerce
interstate highways
intertribal warfare
intertwine the ribbons
intertwined hearts
interviewed her person-to-person
intestate property
intestinal disease
intimate correspondence
intimate friend
intimate relations between economics, politics, and legal principles
intolerance is a barrier to understanding
intracellular fluid
intractable metal
intractable pain
intradepartmental memos
intragroup squabbling within the corporation
intralinguistic variation
intrasentential co-occurrence
intraspecific competition
intrastate as well as interstate commerce
intravenous feeding
intraventricular pressure
intrepid pioneers
intricate lacework
intrinsic muscles
introduce a rule
introduce exotic fruits
introduce legislation
introduce the new neighbors to the community
inundated farmlands
invading Iraq won't be a cakewalk
invalid reasoning
invalidate a contract
invasive cancer cells
invasive tourists
invasive war
inventive ceramics
inventors seem to have chosen intuitively a combination of explosive and aggressive sounds as warning signals to be used on automobiles
inversely related
investigation showed that he was in the clear
investigative reporting
invidious comparisons
invincibly, the troops moved forward
invisible mending
invisible rays
invite criticism
invited 30-odd guests
involuntary manslaughter
involuntary muscles
involuntary servitude
inward flood of capital
inwardly, she was raging
inwardness is what an Englishman quite simply has, painlessly, as a birthright
iodinate thyroxine
iodize a wound
iodize salt
iodized salt
ionate thyroxine
ionic charge
ionic crystals
ionic hydrogen
ipso facto, her innocence was established
irate protesters
ireful words
irenic without being namby-pamby
iron is absolutely necessary
ironically, he ended up losing money under his own plan
ironing gets rid of most wrinkles
ironlike determination
ironlike discipline of the Marines
ironlike nerves
ironshod hooves
ironshod wheels
irony is wasted on the stupid
irradiate food
irrational animals
irrational fears
irrational numbers
irreconcilable differences
irredeemable sinners
irregular hiring practices
irregular troops
irregular warfare
irregularly shaped solids
irrelevant allegations
irremediable defects of character
irremovable boulders
irremovable obstacles
irreparable damages
irreparable harm
irreplaceable antiques
irresistible (or resistless) impulses
irresistible beauty
irretrievable errors in judgment
irreverent scholars mocking sacred things
irreversible momentum toward revolution
irrigate the wound
irrigation by gravitation rather than by pumps
irrigation often produces bumper crops from apparently desert land
irritable weather-bound children
irritate the glands of a leaf
is British industry innovative enough?
is absolved from all blame
is alive to the moods of others
is always on the go
is anything the matter?
is better off than his classmate
is dejected but trying to look cheerful
is everyone here?
is everything all right?
is gravely ill
is it better to view the appalling or merely hear of it?
is lead really transmutable into gold?
is long on coffee
is only professedly poor
is that the straight dope?
is the direction of the economy a function of government?
is the giraffe a vocalizer?
is there a generic Asian mind?
is there any post for me?
is there extraterrestrial life?
is there intelligent life in the universe?
is unstudied in Latin as he is in may other matters
is untrue to his highest opportunity and duty
is unwell and can't come to work
is wrapped up in his family
isolated instances of rebellion
isolated patients
isolationism is a strictly national policy
isometric exercises are anaerobic
isotonic tuning
issue a new uniform to the children
issuing a bad check is a form of larceny
it aided him materially in winning the argument
it all happened in the space of 10 minutes
it always came on, faithfully, like the radio
it aroused specters from his past
it aroused the tiger in me
it broke into slivers
it broke off after much twisting
it brought a sharp rejoinder from the teacher
it brought out his better side
it brought the scandal to light
it came as a shock to learn that he was injured
it came by the first post
it came to a stop at the bottom of the hill
it came to mind
it can perform millions of operations per second
it caused an energetic chemical reaction
it changed the ecology of the island
it contains approximately a third of the minimum daily requirement
it cost a considerable amount
it cost me a week's salary and then some
it could happen any time now
it defines a major contour of this administration
it didn't happen until afterward
it didn't rain after all
it differs in that respect
it disappeared magically
it discharged a cloud of spores
it diverts the attention of the uninitiate
it does not pretend to be a catalog of his achievements
it ended on a sour note
it gave comfort to the enemy
it gave me a nostalgic vibe
it grew asymptotically
it grew geometrically
it grew linearly
it had an earthy smell
it had the sanction of the church
it had the smell of treason
it had to be decided by the man on the spot
it happened so fast it was just a blur
it happens in all walks of life
it has all the earmarks of a Mafia hit
it has an ambulatory and seven chapels
it has been said that a language is a dialect with an army and navy
it has been said that only a hierarchical society with a leisure class at the top can produce works of art
it has just enough salt
it has the distinction of being the cheapest restaurant in town
it has the ring of sincerity
it hit slap-bang in the middle
it hurts bad
it ill befits a man to betray old friends
it imitates at many removes a Shakespearean tragedy
it increased a millionfold
it involved testing thousands of children for smallpox
it is a Middle Eastern custom to read your future in your coffee grounds
it is a center's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback
it is a common or garden sparrow
it is a crime to commit suicide
it is a friendly neighborhood
it is a good plan but it has serious limitations
it is a job requiring serious application
it is a matter for the police
it is a mile away, give or take a few hundred yards
it is a refreshing change to meet a woman mechanic
it is a remake of an old film
it is a remarkable thing
it is a rugged locality
it is advisable to telephone first
it is all a matter of degree
it is all patently nonsense
it is almost a waste of time painstakingly to learn the routines of selling
it is always a job to contact him
it is an endemic found only this island
it is an enormous, fruit-packed wine, smelling sublimely of ripe blackcurrants
it is an estimate of the mean of the population
it is an obvious truncation of the verse
it is authentically British
it is called the A-line because the effect resembles the capital letter A
it is certain that they were on the bus
it is cheaper to buy it in bulk
it is common knowledge that she lives alone
it is dangerous to tailgate another vehicle
it is definite that they have won
it is designed to arrest monopolies in their incipiency
it is difficult for a woman to understand a man's sensitivity to any slur on his virility
it is down the road a piece
it is easier to make the repairs in the daytime
it is easier to work in metric
it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it
it is fit and proper that you be there
it is good that you stayed
it is growing rapidly with no limitation in sight
it is held in esteem
it is high time you went to work
it is his nature to help others
it is illegal for a fiduciary to misappropriate money for personal gain
it is important to acknowledge the work of others in one's own writing
it is important to keep the extremities warm
it is impossible to be allegiant to two opposing forces
it is in the center of town
it is inconvenient not to have a telephone in the kitchen
it is incorrect for a policeman to accept gifts
it is incumbent on me to attend
it is incumbent on them to pay their own debts
it is irretrievably lost
it is late and thus we must go
it is long after your bedtime
it is ludicrous to call a cottage a mansion
it is much cooler in the shade
it is my task to look critically and constructively at the flaws and the failures
it is my turn
it is necessarily so
it is necessary to make a distinction between love and infatuation
it is necessary to remove the adulterants before use
it is neither polite nor politic to get into other people's quarrels
it is none of your affair
it is not comme il faut for a gentleman to be constantly asking for money
it is not good form to brag about winning
it is not known who created this piece
it is not regarded as one of his more memorable works
it is not safe to look directly at the sun with the naked eye
it is not the local practice to wear shorts to dinner
it is not work but worry that kills
it is odd that his name is never mentioned
it is only meet that she should be seated first
it is paradoxical that standing is more tiring than walking
it is part of the fabric of society
it is physically impossible
it is plain that he is no reactionary
it is possible to be outspoken without being rude
it is powerful humid
it is prohibitively expensive
it is remotely possible
it is replete with misery
it is sacrilegious to enter with shoes on
it is said that marjoram has antiseptic qualities
it is said that opposite characters make a union happiest
it is self-defeating...to ignore the progress of events
it is settling to rain
it is shown by the drawing in Fig. 7
it is simply a matter of time
it is solely by their language that the upper classes nowadays are distinguished
it is still my play
it is sure as shooting that they will come
it is the least I can do
it is the nature of fire to burn
it is the result of the juxtaposition of contrasting colors
it is the university that gives the scene its stately splendor
it is their flagship newspaper
it is their job to print the truth
it is their practice to give annual raises
it is time to go
it is undesirable to believe a proposition when there is no ground whatever for supposing it true
it is unfortunate that her children were all nonmusical
it is used as a reference for comparing the heating and the electrical energy involved
it is used cosmetically by many women
it is usually discussed under the rubric of `functional obesity'
it is very cold indeed
it is very familiar to the initiate
it is vexing to have to admit you are wrong
it is well that no one saw you
it is wrong for the rich to take advantage of the poor
it is wrong to lie
it is wrong to think that way
it isn't any better
it isn't fake anything; it's real synthetic fur
it isn't right to leave the party without saying goodbye
it led to a train of disasters
it left a mealy residue
it looked like a sphere but on closer examination I saw it was really a spheroid
it looked like nothing I had ever seen before
it looks like new
it made a certain kind of logic
it made a dent in my bank account
it may peradventure be thought that there never was such a time
it may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled
it may well be that ethical language has primarily a motivative function
it might be unpleasant, though
it might just happen
it must be washed repeatedly
it must go through official channels
it must have cost plenty
it needed lemon juice to sharpen the flatness of the dried lentils
it occurs without human intervention
it only takes a minute
it passed without remark
it places great tension on the leg muscles
it produced a resurrection of hope
it produced the desired effect
it promises to open new avenues to understanding
it rained for a week
it remained feudatory to India until 1365
it remains one of nature's secrets
it required unnatural torturing to extract a confession
it requires vigilance on our part
it resulted in a complete denial of his privileges
it revived their hope of winning the pennant
it seemed a bizarre ceremony to uninitiated western eyes
it seemed a pity to disturb the drowsing (or dozing) professor
it seemed predestined since the beginning of the world
it seems ethical and right
it seems that an apology is appropriate
it seems ungenerous to end this review of a splendid work of scholarship on a critical note
it seeped along the hem of his jacket
it set the norm for American homes
it set the stage for peaceful negotiations
it should arrive any day now
it signalled the ushering in of a new era
it sounds good but what's the catch?
it sounds simple, but when you have your own baby it is all so different
it stands hard by the railroad tracks
it strengthened my belief in his sincerity
it suddenly spewed out a thick green concoction
it takes a big man to play tackle
it takes an iron fist to contain the dissenting factions
it takes several people to work the farm
it takes several years before a magazine starts to break even or make money
it takes time to learn the setup around here
it threw her into a swivet
it took more than half my time
it took much longer to find the fault than to fix it
it took some time before he got an answer
it took time to get into the swing of things
it took two strokes to get out of the bunker
it turned out to my advantage
it used to drive my husband balmy
it vanished into the night
it vanished into thin air
it was 40 love
it was Bernhardt's last appearance in America
it was John's fault
it was a bad light for reading
it was a bewildering array of books
it was a black-tie function
it was a bum rap
it was a busy day on the stock exchange
it was a careless mistake
it was a case of bad judgment
it was a closed area of employment
it was a difficult climb to the top
it was a far cry from what he had expected
it was a fifty-fifty (or even) split
it was a fight to the finish
it was a good drive but the ball ended up in a divot
it was a good match-up but the home team won
it was a great sales gimmick
it was a hard sell
it was a heavy play and the actors tried in vain to give life to it
it was a hotbed of vice
it was a humorless wink; a wink of warning
it was a joint operation of the navy and air force
it was a leviathan among redwoods
it was a lifeless party until she arrived
it was a limited realm of discourse
it was a long march
it was a long pull but we made it
it was a matter of disputed authorship
it was a mercy we got out alive
it was a mere glance, but the eye contact was enough to tell her that he was desperate to leave
it was a miracle that he survived the drop from that height
it was a mountainous area
it was a narrow defeat
it was a nasty fracture
it was a neat plan, but bound to fail
it was a nice piece of work
it was a package deal
it was a perversion of justice
it was a policy of desperation
it was a policy of retribution
it was a process of trial and error
it was a put-up job
it was a race against the clock
it was a routine day
it was a satanic cult
it was a showcase for democracy in Africa
it was a sign from God
it was a sign of the times
it was a small economy to walk to work every day
it was a small house with almost no yard
it was a sore trial to him
it was a spectacular play
it was a strange dragging approach
it was a strong argument that his hypothesis was true
it was a sturdy table
it was a suggestion we couldn't refuse
it was a tangle of jumper cables and clip leads
it was a tough job
it was a very sad story
it was a very sensitive topic
it was a wilderness preserved for the hawks and mountaineers
it was a world record clocking
it was about 500 square feet in area
it was all a snare and delusion
it was all done in play
it was all for naught
it was all the rage that season
it was already in the making
it was an accident, officer
it was an amusing lead-in to a very serious matter
it was an apology for a meal
it was an early awakening
it was an emotional judgment
it was an excellent design for living
it was an excellent kick but the ball hit the bar
it was an expensive watch with a diamond movement
it was an experiment in living
it was an imposing edifice
it was an innocuous remark
it was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip
it was an over-the-top experience
it was an unfair trial
it was an unskillful attempt
it was arranged carefully and nattily
it was artistically decorated
it was as good as gold
it was as if fortune guided his hand
it was barely 5 a.m.
it was beneath his dignity to cheat
it was bitterly cold
it was both unproved and unprovable
it was broadcast nationwide
it was built on a base of solid rock
it was caused by an improbable concatenation of circumstances
it was chock-a-block full
it was clear that he had a very broad education
it was completely different from what we expected
it was created with the conscious aim of answering immediate needs
it was cut wafer-thin
it was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church
it was decided democratically
it was decidedly too expensive
it was designed for the discriminating few
it was destroyed by the strength of the gale
it was discussed privately between the two men
it was divided half-and-half
it was done with dispatch
it was doubtful whether she would be admitted
it was due to an accident or fortuity
it was eerily quiet in the chapel
it was elaborately spelled out
it was evergreen where the weather was mild but deciduous in the rigorous parts of the range
it was every man for himself
it was exposed to the air
it was exultingly easy
it was far and away the best meal he had ever eaten
it was forbiddingly dark in the corridor
it was full of rackets, balls and other objects
it was glaringly obvious
it was going to take in the region of two or three months to finish the job
it was great to feel my baby moving about inside
it was heated to evaporate the volatiles
it was hell on earth
it was hidden in the rear of the store
it was his area of specialization
it was his first start against his former teammates
it was his last wish
it was his province to take care of himself
it was his rule to take a walk before breakfast
it was his unshakeable resolution to finish the work
it was immediately and indubitably apparent that I had interrupted a scene of lovers
it was in London that he made his mark
it was in the first place a local matter
it was in yesterday's newspapers
it was independently developed in more than one place as an onomatopoetic term
it was insufferably hot in the room
it was intensely hot
it was ironical that the well-planned scheme failed so completely
it was just as he said--the jewel was gone
it was just pretend
it was just smoke and mirrors
it was locally decided
it was love at first sight
it was luridly described in the book as the place where mystics took refuge
it was merely a pleasure trip
it was more than dubitable whether the friend was as influential as she thought
it was mortifying to know he had heard every word
it was my good luck to be there
it was needed only on special occasions
it was news to me
it was no longer economic to keep the factory open
it was not a good idea
it was not altogether her fault
it was not dull grey as distance had suggested, but a mottle of khaki and black and olive-green
it was not possible to complete the computation in a single pass
it was not the typing but the earphones that she disliked
it was not what it appeared to be on the surface
it was off to a good start
it was on the order of a mile
it was one of the best numbers he ever did
it was only a tempest in a teapot
it was oppressively hot in the office
it was pathetically bad
it was perfect in all details
it was performed with justness and beauty
it was pitch-dark in the cellar
it was positively monumental
it was presented without commercial breaks
it was rather cold
it was replaced because of its age
it was scorching hot
it was seasonably cold
it was several days after the storm before they could repair the washout and open the road
it was signed in quadruplicate
it was smashed into matchwood
it was smoking-room bawdry
it was so funny it was a circus
it was stored in a tube with a break seal
it was stuff I had heard before
it was supererogatory of her to gloat
it was tactless to bring up those disagreeable
it was the Christmas season
it was the Roman Inquisition that put Galileo on trial
it was the biggest peach pick in years
it was the dawn of the Roman Empire
it was the death of all his plans
it was the deliberation of his act that was insulting
it was the establishment of his reputation
it was the evening of the Roman Empire
it was the golden age of cinema
it was the kind of duster not experienced in years
it was the opening session of the legislature
it was the swimming they enjoyed most
it was the usual `boy gets girl' theme
it was the waking up he hated most
it was the worst he had ever done on a test
it was the wrong moment for a joke
it was their finest hour
it was their habit to dine at 7 every evening
it was time for an overhaul on the tractor
it was time for her to go onstage
it was too dark to determine his identity
it was too late for the morning edition
it was tropically hot in the greenhouse
it was unbearably hot in the room
it was unseasonably cold
it was utter and complete balagan!
it was woefully inadequate
it wasn't much, but don't look a gift horse in the mouth
it will be an extraordinarily painful step to negotiate
it will be the devil to solve
it will be variably cloudy
it will take money, good planning and, above all, teamwork
it worked exceptionally well
it worked up to right now
it would be better to speak to him
it would be cruel to wake him; he's sound asleep
it would be ill-advised to accept the offer
it would be well to start early
it would have been cheap at twice the price
it would have been laughable if it hadn't hurt so much
it would have shattered in flinders long before it did that damage
it would needlessly bring badness into the world
it would require a drastic revision of his opinion
it's 10 miles as the crow flies
it's a bit warm
it's a blamed shame
it's a dead cert
it's a done deed
it's a far cry from here
it's a good thing that I wasn't there
it's a good thing that New Year's was a holiday because everyone had a hangover
it's a long haul from New York to Los Angeles
it's a long way to Moscow
it's a major worry
it's a pity he couldn't do it
it's a quarter til 4
it's a right smart distance
it's a shambolic system
it's a stinking world
it's a toss-up whether he will win or lose
it's a tough life
it's all over but the shouting
it's an ill wind that blows no good
it's an insult to American womanhood
it's bureaucratically complicated
it's distinctly possible
it's easy to get the `i' and the `e' backward in words like `seize' and `siege'
it's easy when you get the feel of it
it's expensive all right
it's federally regulated
it's going to be a good day for sure
it's lighting-up time
it's my go
it's no penny-ante job--he's making real money
it's none of your business
it's not cool to arrive at a party too early
it's not there
it's only a step to the drugstore
it's quite an art
it's quite the thing to do
it's regrettable that she didn't go to college
it's simply beautiful!
it's so plaguey cold!
it's still warm outside
it's the literal truth
it's the natural thing to happen
it's three o'clock in Tokyo now
it's time for you to put away childish things
it's time he had a real job
it's too bad he had no feeling himself for church
it's undoubtedly very beautiful
it's written ideographically
it's your birthday, so let's live it up!
italic characters
itch mites cause scabies
itemize one's tax deductions
itinerant labor
itinerant traders
its adoption by society
its allurement was its remoteness
its an up market
its beauty won Paris the name 'City of Lights'
its brothels, its opium parlors, its depravity
its evidentiary value
its just 10 minutes away
its luminosity is measured relative to that of our sun
its nonextant original was written on vellum
its was a brief and intense courtship
ivy crept over the walls of the university buildings
jab with your left
jack up the car so you can change the tire
jackets made of a weightless polyester fabric
jalapeno peppers are very hot
jam a toe
jam every other day
jar the jam
jealous of his success and covetous of his possessions
jealousy is foreign to her nature
jealousy was a component of his character
jealousy was his undoer
jejune novel
jejune responses to our problems
jellify a liquid
jellyfish are boneless
jerk his head
jeweled dresses
jewels of inestimable value
jilt a lover or a bride
jilted at the altar
jingling sleigh bells
jobless transients
jog along the canal
jog my memory
jogging works off my excess energy
join these two parts so that they fit together
joint income-tax return
joint military activities
joint owners
joint ownership
joints ankylose
jolly decent of him
jolly old Saint Nick
journalistic writing
joyless evenings
joyous laughter
judge held that the defendant was innocent
judging a contest with a single eye
judging from the thickness of his speech he had been drinking heavily
judging on a scale of 1 to 10
judgments referent to the indictment
judicable issues
judicial robes
judicial system
judicially controlled process
judicious use of one's money
jug the rabbit
juggle an account so as to hide a deficit
jugular vein
juice up a party
juicy barmaids
julienne the potatoes
jumbo shrimp
jumentous urine
jump from one thing to another
jump to a conclusion
junior fashions
junipers with shagged trunks
junk an old car
juridical days
just a mixed-up kid
just a scratch
just a splash of whiskey
just a tentative schedule
just one remove from madness
just sign on the dotted line
just steam the vegetables
just tell me the story in a nutshell
just then the bugle sounded
just wanted to take it easy
justice obstructed is not justice
justice was for sale before the reform of the law courts
justify the margins
juvenile diabetes
juvenile fashions
juvenile offenses often reflect an inadequacy in the parents
juxtaposed pictures
kangaroos pronk
keen winds
keen-scented hounds
keep a diary
keep appointments
keep boarders
keep cool
keep count
keep food for a week in the pantry
keep hope alive
keep in mind the dangers of imposing our own values and prejudices too forcibly
keep in step with the fashions
keep it dark
keep it then if you want to
keep my job for me while I give birth
keep my seat, please
keep notes
keep off the grass
keep open the possibility of a merger
keep potatoes fresh
keep someone at arm's length
keep the faith
keep the faith of our forefathers
keep the milk refrigerated
keep up the good work
keep your cool
keep your eyes open
keep your guard up
keep your nose out of it
keeping track of all the details requires your complete attention
keeps fit with diet and exercise
keeps his hold on his constituents through unashamed pork-barreling
kennel a dog
kept a close watch on expenditures
kept a fire extinguisher available
kept a tight leash on his emotions
kept abreast of the latest developments
kept apart from the group out of shyness
kept from her housework by gabby neighbors
kept getting a busy signal
kept life in his wasted frame only by grim concentration
kept the drunken sailor in protective custody
kept the monkey in view
kept under close custody
kept up an obstreperous clamor
kept watch for the return of their banded birds
kerosine-powered jet engines
key one's actions to the voters' prevailing attitude
keys strung on a red cord
kick a habit
kick in the doors
kick up dust
kid gloves
kidney failure
kill a motion
kill the engine
kill the rat
kill these lines in the President's speech
kind to sick patients
kind words showing understanding and sympathy
kindly Arthur--so damnably, politely, endlessly persistent!
kindly breeze
kindly criticism
kindred clans
kindred souls
kinetic energy
kinky sex
kitchen walls splattered with grease
knead dough
knew full well
knew her fears were ultimately conquerable
knew him through and through
knifelike cold
knights cased in steel
knit a scarf
knitted garments
knock it off!
knock on the door
knock out a target
knockabout comedy
knocked out a pipe
knocked out by doped wine
knocked silly by the impact
knot the shoelaces
knowing instructors
knowing that I had done my best, my mind was easy
knowledgeable about the technique of painting
known as a shady indirect fellow
kosher meat
kuru is caused by a slow virus
label these bottles
labial stops
labor problems incidental to a rapid expansion
labor was voiceless
laborsaving devices like washing machines
laborsaving gadgetry
labyrinthine deafness
lace a tablecloth
lace the shoelaces
lacerate leaves
lack an inerrant literary sense
lack of funds has resulted in a catastrophe for our school system
lack of imagination is an obstacle to one's advancement
lack of intrinsic factor can result in pernicious anemia
lacking in stamina
lactating cows
lactation normally continues until weaning
lacteal fluids
lacteal organs
lactic acid
lactic fermentation
laden with grief
ladle soup into the bowl
ladle the water out of the bowl
ladylike manners
lag pipes
laicize the parochial schools
laid the poor fellow senseless with one stunning blow
laid up with a bad cold
lambent tongues of flame
lamentably unenlightened as to the laws
lamenting sinners
laminate the table
lamps supported on standards provided illumination
lance a boil
lancinating pain
land lying baked in the heat
landed at a shingly little beach
landed property
lands adjacent to the mountains
landward, miles of rough grass marshes melt into low uplands
lang syne
language externalizes our thoughts
language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals
language tapes and videocassettes and other audiovisuals
language unbecoming to a lady
lank mousy hair
lapidary art
lapsed into disturbed sleep
lard meat
lard was also used, though its congener, butter, was more frequently employed
large air-breathing ichthyosaurs had hydrofoils
large areas of the world
large computers use words up to 64 bits long
large goals that required farsighted policies
large meteorites actually come from the asteroid belt
large mining claims are segregated into smaller claims
large rural households
large shoulder pads are in
large sums devoted to the care of the poor
large volumes of occluded hydrogen in palladium
large-grained sand
large-scale maps
large-volumed editions
larval crayfishes
larval societies
laryngeal infection
laser light diffracts electrons
laser-guided bombs cannot be used in cloudy weather
lash the horse
lashed the scurrying horses
last Thursday
last not least he plays the saxophone
last prize
last year there was a serious budgetary deficit
last, I'll discuss family values
last-minute arrangements
lasted a half hour
lasted approximately an hour
latch the door
late 18th century
late evening
late nineteenth-century French opera at its most beautiful, subtly romantic with a twilight melancholy
lately the rules have been enforced
latent diabetes
latent infection
latent talent
later medical science could have saved the child
lateral lemniscus
latex from tapped rubber trees
lathe operators use an emulsion of oil and water as a coolant for the cutting tool
laudable motives of improving housing conditions
laughing children
laughing fit to burst
launch a career
launch a ship
launch plaster
launch the space shuttle
lavishly decorated
law and order
law-abiding citizens
lawful methods of dissent
lawless bands roaming the plains
laws enforcing noise abatement
laws in existence for centuries
laws limit the sale of handguns
laws that are inefficacious in stopping crime
lawyers in private practice are in business and must make a profit to survive
lax in attending classes
lay a fire
lay a responsibility on someone
lay a wreath on murdered Lincoln's bier
lay awake thinking about his new job
lay face down
lay out the arguments
lay out the clothes
lay out the tools for the surgery
lay out thousands on gold
lay semiconscious, stunned (or stupefied) by the blow
lay sleepless all night
lay spread-eagle on the floor
lay the books on the table
lay the foundation for a new health care plan
lay the patient carefully onto the bed
lay unconscious on the floor
lay uncurled on the bed
layer the different colored sands
layers that were fused into an indiscrete mass
lazy white clouds
leach the soil
lead a blameless life evermore
lead is a heavy metal
lead, iron, copper, tin, and zinc are base metals
lead-free gasoline
leaded gasoline
leaded windowpanes
leaded zinc
leaden steps
leading a godly life
leaf a manuscript
leaf through a book
leaf-clothed trees
leafy trees
leafy vegetables
leal to the core of her intrepid Scottish heart
lean fuel
lean ore
leaning sideways
leap into fame
leaped agilely from roof to roof
leaped up with surprising agility
learn to speak pure English undefiled
learned early in his marriage that he was sterile
leather is the latest vogue
leather-bound volumes
leave it as is
leave lots of time for the trip
leave off where you started
leave off your jacket--no need to wear it here
leave the flowers that you see in the park behind
leave the room
leave the young fawn alone
leave your child in the nurse's care
leave your name and address here
leavened bread
leaves affected with veinal mosaic
leaves with retrorse barbs
lecture hall
lectured in a free-and-easy style
lecturers enjoy...steady incremental growth in salary
led a clean life
led a dissipated life
led a gay Bohemian life
led a happy purposeful life
led a vagabond life
led a very bad life
led an honorable life
leering drugstore cowboys
left a large family behind
left center field
left everything up in the air
left for work long ago
left his family unprovided for
left me saddled with the bill
left no stone unturned
left the doors wide-open
left the house at three in the morning for inexplicable reasons
left the lights on and came back to find the battery drained
left the oven on
left their clothes dirty looking
left us fatigued and deflated spiritually
left-handed golfers need left-handed clubs
left-handed scissors
leftover meatloaf
legal loophole
legal restraints
legal terminology
legendary exploits of Jesse James
legible handwriting
legislation excluding undesirable aliens
legislation on the question is highly unlikely
legislative council
legislative proposal
legislatively determined
legitimate advertising practices
leglike appendages
lemon curd
lend-lease during World War II was extremely generous
lendable resources
lengthened skirts are fashionable this year
lenient rules
lent conditional support
lenten food
leprosy is an indolent infectious disease
leptosporangiate ferns
less durable rocks were gradually worn away to form valleys
less expensive
less interesting
less quickly
less scrupulous producers sent bundles that were deceptive in appearance
less than three weeks
less than three years old
less time to spend with the family
let C be the union of the sets A and B
let bygones be bygones
let down the hem
let faith be your cynosure to walk by
let her be
let her children grow up uncorrected
let him have his say
let it be
let it be no detraction from his merits to say he is plainspoken
let loose mines
let the dogs run free
let them match their best athletes against ours
let us have no part in profitless quarrels
let us proceed methodologically
let's Frenchify the restaurant and charge more money
let's barbecue that meat
let's blow this place
let's break for lunch
let's call heads a success and tails a failure
let's crash the party!
let's demystify the event by explaining what it is all about
let's do this job first
let's double date this Saturday
let's equalize the duties among all employees in this office
let's finalize the proposal
let's fix the picture to the frame
let's get down to basics
let's get married so our child can be born legitimately
let's get together sometime
let's give it a whirl!
let's give the team a big hurrah
let's have more work and less talk around here
let's hoof it to the disco
let's huddle together--it's cold!
let's liven up this room a bit
let's look about for help
let's look at the situation realistically
let's look at this phenomenon anachronistically
let's meet at 11 A.M.
let's meet at 8 P.M.
let's meet tonight if not sooner
let's not blame them overmuch
let's not discuss it further
let's not purposelessly dispense the aid
let's postpone the exam
let's pretend we don't like Mary, just for fun
let's race and see who gets there first
let's rev up production
let's review your situation
let's see--which movie should we see tonight?
let's stock coffee as long as prices are low
let's treat the prisoners of war humanely
let's use these intelligence tests judiciously
lethal weapon
letters arrived regularly from his children
letters to his son full of homely advice
letters trenched into the stone
letters variant in size
letting him borrow her car was an impulsive act that she immediately regretted
level criticism or charges at somebody
level ground is best for parking and camp areas
level the ground
leverage the money that is already available
levy a fine
lewd pictures
lexical decision task
lexically represented
lexicostatistic techniques
liable to criminal charges
liable to diabetes
liable to such impulsive acts as hugging strangers
liberty of opinion
liberty of worship
liberty--perfect liberty--to think or feel or do just as one pleases
libidinal gratification
libidinal impulses
libidinous orgies
licensed pharmacist
lie dormant
lie down on the bed until you feel better
lie on the naked rock
life as it ought to be for the leisure classes
life depends on many chemical and physical processes
life everlasting
life has lost its point
life in fashion's fast lane has taught her a lot
life is becoming increasingly unsatifactory
life is full of tribulations
life is more than the pursuance of fame
life that is gay, brisk, and debonair
life was drab compared with the more exciting life style overseas
life-giving love and praise
lifelessly he performed the song
lifelike three-dimensional characters
lift a ban
lift an embargo
lift his ego
lift my spirits
lift one's eyes
lift potatoes
lift the box onto the table
lift the pressure
lift the tulip bulbs
ligate the artery
light (or lite) beer
light aircraft
light banter
light blue
light broke over the horizon
light cavalry
light colors such as pastels
light exercise
light housework
light idle chatter
light industry
light infantry
light misty rain
light pours daylong into the parlor
light smoke from the chimney
light snow was falling
light soil
light summer dresses
light verse
light water is ordinary water
light weapons
light-headed from lack of sleep
light-headed teenagers
light-headed with wine
lighten the burden of caring for her elderly parents
lightheaded from the rarefied mountain air
lightless stars `visible' only to radio antennae
lightning produced an unusual union of the metals
lightproof containers
lightweight wood
ligneous (or woody) tissue
like a baby snuggled in its mother's arms
like a bad penny...
like a bolt out of the blue
like a trapped animal
like a wild young colt, very inquisitive but very coy and not to be easily cajoled
like amounts
like an unable phoenix in hot ashes
like murmuring waves
likely candidates for the job
likes a drink before dinner
lilacs with drooping panicles of fragrant flowers
lilies of the valley are racemose
limber a cannon
lime the lawn
limit the time you can spend with your friends
limited runway capacity
limited to petty enterprises
limited war
limitless vastness of our solar system
limnology is essentially a synthetic science composed of elements...that extend well beyond the limits of biology
limp lettuce
limpid blue eyes
line a chimney
line one's pockets
line the gloves
lineal ancestors
lineal heirs
linear amplifier
linearly polarized radiation
lined books are more enduring
lines of communication were set up between the two firms
lingual diversity
lingual inflammation
linguistic behavior
linguistic purisms
linguistic theory
linguistically impaired children
linguistically interesting data
lips white with terror
lips...livid with the hue of death
liquefied petroleum gas
liquefy the silver
liquid (or fluid) assets
liquid food compactly stored in a pressurized tank
liquid-looking
liquidate a company
listened for the hounds' pursuing bark
listened in round-eyed wonder
listened intently
listened with a favorable ear
listening to sweet music in a perfect rapture
lite (or light) mayonnaise
literalize metaphors
literally translated
literary criticism
literature of permanent value
lithic sandstone
lithographic reproduction
litmus paper turns red on contact with an acid
little a
little globular houses like mud-wasp nests
little isolated worlds, as abruptly disjunct and unexpected as a palm-shaded well in the Sahara
little league is intended for the preteens
little rain fell in May
little sympathy with parochial mentality
little time is left
livable conditions
live ammunition
live broadcast of the presidential debate preempts the regular news hour
live coals
live copy is ready to be set in type or already set but not yet proofread
live entertainment involves performers actually in the physical presence of a live audience
live ore is unmined ore
lived all their lives in houses face-to-face across the street
lived an unexciting life
lived an unsocial reclusive life
lived in a most penurious manner--denying himself every indulgence
lived in continuous fear
lived in heroic if something distressful isolation
lived in subsidized public housing
lively and attractive parents
liver homogenate
liveried footmen stood on the palace steps
lives of unending hedonistic delight
livid bruises
livid lightning streaked the sky
living an unencumbered life
living in campestral seclusion
living on fixed incomes
load a car
load the bags onto the trucks
load the camera
load the truck with hay
loaded down with packages
loan me some money
loath to admit a mistake
loath to go on such short notice
lob the tennis ball
lobar pneumonia
local anesthesia
local authorities
local customs
local guides describe the history of various places in matter-of-fact tones
local outbreaks of flu
local schools
local taxes
local worthies rarely challenged the chief constable
located east of Rome
located inaccessibly on the top of a mountain
lock the bike to the fence
lock up the house before you go on vacation
locker-room humor
lodge a bullet in the table
loft a ball
lofty mountains
lofty ships
logarithmic function
logical quantifiers, adverbs, prepositions, and conjunctions are called syncategoremes
logically, you should now do the same to him
logistic requirements
loneliness tore through him...whenever he thought of...even the compromising Louis du Tillet
lonely and blue in a strange city
lonely creeks are opal in the dawn, sword-blue in the sun, greyly silver under misty moons
lonesome when her husband is away
long ago
long aureate (or golden) hair
long branched hairs on its legson which pollen collects
long odds
long on brains
long tapering fingers
long thought to be an impossibly difficult operation
long use had hardened him to it
long-haired hippies
long-horned cattle
long-life milk
long-range goals
long-range nuclear capability
long-staple cotton
long-stemmed roses
long-toed
long-tongued
long-winded (or windy) speakers
longhand writing
longitudinal measurements of the hull
longitudinal reckoning by the navigator
longitudinally measured
look around to see whether you can find the missing document
look at the ice on that dame!
look elsewhere for the answer
look for an early end to the negotiations
look here, junior, it's none of your business
look on the bright side of it
look skywards!
look to the future
look up!
looked about with a wandering and discomposed air
looked all over for a suitable gift
looked at each other dumbly, quite disconcerted
looked at the lashing riders
looked at the world through rose-colored glasses
looked him over with an appraising eye
looked him squarely in the eye
looked out the long French windows
looked sick and felt even worse
looked through him with blank unseeing eyes
looked too closely for an ulterior purpose in all knowledge
looked uncordial as we approached
looked up at the castle dominating the countryside
looked up at the lighted windows
looked with a jaundiced eye on the growth of regimentation
looking afield for new lands to conquer
looking bright and well and chirpy
looking careworn as she bent over her mending
looking chipper, like a man...diverted by his own wit
looking fine in her Easter suit
looking for an unbent nail
looking for extrinsic aid
looking in opposite directions
looking out over the roofs of low-rise apartment buildings
looking so seraphic when he slept
loop a rope
loose bowels
loose clothing
loose gravel
loose-leaf paper
loosely knit
loosely structured organization
loosely woven cloth
loosen the necktie
loosen the soil
loosen the tension on a rope
lop off the dead branch
lords temporal and spiritual
lose caste by doing work beneath one's station
lose the crowds by climbing a mountain
losing him is no great deprivation
losing his job was no light matter
loss of blood is an important cause of shock
loss of livestock left the rancher bankrupt
lost friends
lost in a maze of words both defined and undefined
lost in thought
lost opportunities
lost souls
loud sport shirts
loud thunder
loud trombones
love has infatuated her
love is transitory but it is eternal
lovers and madmen have such seething brains
lovers of the past looking fondly backward
loves Bach, particularly his partitas
loving glances
loving parents
low ceilings
low clouds
low comedy
low furniture
low hills
low huddlers against the wind
low prices
low rounded hills
low visibility caused by fog
low-cost housing
low-density urban areas
low-level discussions
low-level radiation
low-lying clouds
lowbrow tastes
lower a rating
lower expectations
lowercase letters; a and b and c etc
lowset ears
loyal even unto death
loyal friends stood by him
loyal subjects
loyal supporters
lubricate my car
lubricate the key
lucid air
lucid directions
lucky stars
ludicrous green hair
lumbar vertebrae
lumber of the highest grade
luminescent organisms emit heatless light
lump together all the applicants
lumpy gravy
lunar module
lunar surface
lurid crimes
lurid details of the accident
lurid flames
lush fruits
lusterless hair
lustrous actors of the time
lustrous auburn hair
luxe accommodations
lying fast asleep on the sofa
lying ill and helpless
lymphocytic leukemia
lyric poetry
lyrics as antiseptic as Sunday School
macabre tales of war and plague in the Middle ages
macabre tortures conceived by madmen
macadam the road
macaronic verse
macerate peaches
macerative degeneration of the liver
machicolate the castle walls
machinate a plot
machinelike efficiency
macrame a plant holder
macrobiotic diet
macromolecular compounds
mad at his friend
madcap escapades
made a display of strength
made a favorable impression
made a fetish of cleanliness
made a hasty exit
made a last desperate attempt to reach the climber
made a living out of shepherding dispossed people from one country to another
made a place for themselves under the most untoward conditions
made a secure place for himself in his field
made a slight dissuasive gesture with her hand
made a special effort to be accommodating
made a studious attempt to fix the television set
made a thorough search
made an effective entrance
made an effort to cover all the reading material
made an excellent speech
made an irritated gesture
made an unexcited appraisal of the situation
made an unfavorable impression
made commiserative clicking sounds with his tongue
made continued and determined efforts to find and destroy enemy headquarters
made drowsy by the long ride
made fun of her being so social and high-toned
made herself conspicuous by her exhibitionistic preening
made himself comfortable in an armchair
made his meaning plain
made lots of new friends
made money hand over fist
made multiple copies of the speech
made of highly tensile steel alloy
made of sturdy eminently paintable wood
made of superfine Flemish cloth
made sensible of his mistakes
made solicitous inquiries about our family
made sure the facts were straight in the report
made the children feel welcome
made the most money he could
made the most of a bad deal
made things warm for the bookies
madness, an ironic fate for such a clear thinker
magic signs that protect against adverse influence
magnanimous toward his enemies
magnanimously, he forgave all those who had harmed him
magnesium is a light metal--having a specific gravity of 1.74 at 20 degrees C
magnetic forces
magnetic north
magnetically contaminated material
magnificent cathedrals
mail a package C.O.D.
mailed an indignant letter to the editor
maintain a record
maintained a constant temperature
maintained a reverent silence
maintained an urbane tone in his letters
majestic cities
major highways
major scales
make a cake
make a decision
make a dress
make a fire
make a joyful noise
make a mess in one's office
make a mistake
make a move
make a phone call
make a stir
make a wall of stones
make advances
make an effort
make an estimate
make clay into bricks
make enemies
make friends
make good on promises
make it hot for him
make laws
make lead into gold
make love, not war
make merry
make my day
make no mistake about his intentions
make one's way into the forest
make out a form
make revolution
make sure the gear is engaged
make the bed
make the first team
make things factor into a company's profitability
make up a room
make water into wine
make way for
make way for the President's motorcade
make your statement short and sweet
makes all the instruments sound powerful but husky
makes many a sharp comparison but never a mean or snide one
making a hobby of domesticity
making indirect but legitimate inquiries
making so many turns to the right and then the left was completely disorienting
maladroit propaganda
malarial fever
male animals serve the females for breeding purposes
male birds tread the females
male domestic animals such as stallions serve selected females
male insects such as crickets or grasshoppers stridulate
malevolent stars
malicious gossip
malignant hypertension is the most lethal form of hypertension
maliks rule the hinterland of Afghanistan under the protection of warlords
malleable metals such as gold
malt beer
malted barley
mammals as a class are not strong on sociality
mammals normally have two sex chromosomes
man created God in his own likeness
man is a voluntary agent
man is an imitative being
man is both polymorphic and polytypic
man must play God for he has acquired certain godlike powers
man's ultimate destiny
man's unceasing warfare with drought and isolation
man-made fibers
managed a deprecating smile at the compliment
managed the employees in an aloof magisterial way
managed to escape ahorse
managed to make a crude splint
managed to slip away unobserved
management had interests quite distinct from those of their employees
mandate a colony
mandibular notch
mangle the sheets
manicure fingernails
manifest disapproval
manifold intelligence
manifold reasons
mankind's connatural sense of the good
manly sports
manorial accounts
mantic powers
manual dexterity
manual labor
manual laborer
manufacturing is vital to Great Britain
manuscripts must be double-spaced
many English nouns have become verbalized
many Farsi emigrated to India near Bombay
many Hungarians refused to take part in the Stalinization of their country
many a man
many adoption cases tug at the heartstrings
many another day will come
many birds feed their young by regurgitating what they have swallowed and carried to the nest
many books were blacklisted by the Nazis
many calls for Christmas stories
many campsites were located near the flowage
many cars were stuck in the snow on uncleared streets
many casualties were lying unattended
many cities show a radial pattern of main highways
many close associations with England
many comedians learned their trade playing the borscht circuit
many companies have their headquarters in New York
many crimes remain unsolved
many desecrated shrines and cemeteries
many directions
many emotional determinants at work
many employees were discharged in a general housecleaning by the new owners
many factors are involved in any estimate of human life
many fond hopes are pinned on rich uncles
many foods must be refrigerated or else they will spoil
many frustrated poets end as pipe-smoking teachers
many have doubts about giving him a free hand to attack
many houses in the area are for sale
many lobbying expenses are deductible by a taxpayer
many madrasas in Bangladesh are supported with money from Saudi Arabia
many marine fishes inhabit the mid-waters
many medieval manuscripts are in majuscule script
many men choose to be vasectomized as a form of safe birth control
many native artists studied abroad
many of the deaf use sign language
many of the facts seemed twisted out of any semblance to reality
many of these hardy adventurers were minor noblemen
many people are killed by guns thought to be unloaded
many people in the area were out of work
many pests have developed resistance to the common pesticides
many private deals were made backstage at the convention
many problems remain unresolved
many purple passages
many qualified applicants for the job
many radical Muslims believe a Khalifah will unite all Islamic lands and people and subjugate the rest of the world
many right-down vices
many routes are unsafe or disrupted
many shops in Japan now carry neon signs with Romanized names
many summer excursions to the shore
many temptations
many valuable nutrients are refined out of the foods in our modern diet
many varieties of unaccustomed foods
many-seeded
map one's future
map the genes
map the surface of Venus
maple trees ablaze in autumn
maplelike leaves
maples are brachiate
marauding rebels overran the countryside
marble is a metamorphic rock that takes a high polish
marble paper
marbleize the fireplace
marbleized pink skin
march on
marching in unison
marginal industries
marginal writing ability
marginally interesting
marinade herring
marine barracks
marine explorations
marine insurance
marine plants and animals such as seaweed and whales
marine vertebrates have their weight supported distributively by the water
marital fidelity
marital status
maritime cultures
maritime farmers
maritime law
mark homework
mark my words
mark off the units
mark out the territory
mark the individual pages
market runups are followed by corrections
market runups are invariably followed by a correction
marketable produce
marketable skills
marketing this product will be no picnic
markets abroad
marriage is a serious matter
marriage vows
marriage was scarcely his dish
married above her station
married bliss
married by an Episcopalian minister
marshal facts or arguments
marshal resources
marshal the troops
marsupial animals
martial law
martinis are an acquired taste
marvelous color illustrations
mash the garlic
mask the meat
masked threat
masochistically he insisted on an even greater workload
masonic tools
mass-produced downscale versions of high-priced fashions
massage has far-reaching medical applications
massive changes
massive oak doors
massive projected buttresses
massive retaliatory power
massive silver
masterful technique
mastering a second language requires a lot of work
mastery of the seas
masticate rubber
matched teams
matchless beauty
material comforts
material needs
material possessions
material wealth
materials loomed in Egypt
maternal genes
maternal-infant bonding influences the child's psychological and physical development
mathematical precision
mathematical proof
mathematically impossible
mathematics is the basis for much scientific knowledge
matrilineal inheritance
matters came to a head yesterday
matters determinable by law
matters of a personal nature
maturational process
mature for her age
mature plans
mature social behavior
mature well-aged cheeses
maudlin expressions of sympathy
maverick politicians
maxillofacial surgery
maximal expansion
maximum pressure
may I take your beverage order?
may parents reside in Florida
may the Stars and Stripes forever wave
may the force be with you
mayoral elections
meager fare
meager resources
meals are at specified times
mean little jerry-built houses
meandering streams
meantime he was attentive to his other interests
meanwhile I will not think about the problem
meanwhile the socialists are running the government
meanwhile, back at the ranch...
measurable depths
measure the perpendicular height
measured the physical properties directly
measures for the control of disease
meat and potatoes--I call that a real meal
meat loaf
meatless days
mechanical arts
mechanical design
mechanical skills
mechanisms of communication
mechanize armies
mechanize the procedure
medallions of veal
mediate between the old and the new
medical school
medical treatment
medically correct treatment
medically trained nurses
medicative drugs
medicinal herbs
medicinal properties
medicine is no longer a male preserve
medicines dispensed to the sick
medieval engines of war
medium bombers
meek and self-effacing
meek as a mouse
meekly bowed to his wishes
meet a need
meet a violent death
meet my old lady
megalithic monuments like Stonehenge
mellow wisdom
mellowed fruit
melodic harmony
melodically interesting themes
melodrama of a now unfashionable kind
melt butter
melt down gold
members of the British Commonwealth owe allegiance to the British Crown
members of the cat family have like dispositions
members of the fringe believe we should be armed with guns at all times
members of the opposite sex
membranous gastritis
membranous lining
memes are the cultural counterpart of genes
men are portly and women are stout
men associate the roughness of nonstandard working-class speech with masculinity
men between the ages of 18 and 35 were liable for military service
men first stepped on the moon in 1969
men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today
men have decreed that their women must be pure and virginal
men in exile dream of hope
men in straw boaters and waxed mustaches crowded the verandah
men of the choleric type take to kicking and smashing
men tenacious of opinion
mendicant friars
menstrual period
mental calculations
mental development
mental hygiene
mental illness
mental images of happy times
mental powers
mental suffering
mentholated cough syrup
mentioned several impertinent facts before finally coming to the point
mercantile system
mercantile theories
mercenary killers
mercerize cotton
mercerized cotton
mercurial preparations
mercurial sore mouth
mercurial twists of temperament
mere rhetoric
mere rhetorical frippery
merely a dull rehash of his first novel
meretricious praise
meretricious relationships
meridian hour
meritocratic society
meritorious conduct
meshed gears
mesic habitats
mesophytic habitats
mesophytic plants
messengers were moving unobtrusively over the jet-black mountain ranges, bearing confidential tidings from sheikhdom to sheikhdom
messianic cult
met secretly to discuss the invasion plans
metabolic rate
metabolically important substances
metacarpal bones
metal fatigue
metal sections were used below ground
metal woods are now standard
metal-cutting tools
metallic luster
metallurgical engineer
metamorphic rocks
metamorphic stage
metaphoric language
metaphysical forces
metaphysical philosophy
metaphysical reasoning
metastasis has rendered the tumor inoperable
metastatic growth
metatarsal bones
meteoric (or meteorological) phenomena
meteoric impacts
meteoric shower
meteorological chart
meteorological factors
meteorologically bad conditions
meter the flow of water
meter the mail
methodological errors
methylated alcohol
meticulous research
metrical equivalents
metrically, these poems are matched
metropolitan area
miasmic jungles
microbial warfare
microscopic analysis
microscopical examination
mid-Atlantic states
middle-level management
midiskirts
midmorning
midsummer
midweekly prayer meetings
midwestern accent
might I respectfully suggest to the Town Council that they should adopt a policy of masterly inactivity?
might prove arty and hence uncommercial
migrants are likely to be poor and underemployed
migratory birds
migratory workers
milch goats, milch camels
mild cardiomegaly is common in athletes
mild criticism
miles of waterless country to cross
miles of whitewashed fences
militant in fighting for better wages for workers
militant nations
militarize Germany again after the war
militarize the Civil Service
military forces ready and waiting
military law
military police
military security has been stepped up since the recent uprising
military uniforms
milk in a heavy lidded mug
milk is left in a large lidded mug
milk the tea
milkless breasts
milky glass
mill a coin
mill grain
mimetic coloring of a butterfly
mince the garlic
mind has become self-reproducing through man's capacity to transmit experience and its products cumulatively
mind your own business
mindful of his responsibilities
mindful of these criticisms, I shall attempt to justify my action
mindless dissipation of natural resources
mindless tasks
mindless violence
mine ores and metals
mineral deposits
mineral elements
mineral origin
mineral rights
minimum wage
mining is a dirty job
miniskirts
ministerial decree
ministerial duties
minor back roads
minor children
minor nationalistic differences
minus (or negative) factors
minus 5 degrees
mirrorlike surface of the lake
miry roads
miscellaneous accessories
mischievous rumors and falsehoods
misdirect the letter
misdo one's job
miserable victims of war
misfortunes come fast and thick
misplaced modifiers
misplaced tickets
misshapen old fingers
missing in action
missionaries have tried to Christianize native people all over the world
mist rolled in from the sea
mistaken identity
misunderstandings can often be traced to a looseness of expression
misused words are often laughable but one weeps for misused talents
mites are arachnids, but they have a lot in common with insects
mitigating circumstances
mitral insufficiency
mix one volume of the solution with ten volumes of water
mix water into the drink
mixing dope and alcohol creates a witches' brew
mixing sounds
mnemonic device
mobilization of the country's economic resources
mobilization of the troops
moblike mentality
mobs goaded by blind hatred
modal auxiliary
model a head with clay
model an airplane
model citizens
model the latest fashion
models displayed clothes on a catwalk at the fashion show
moderate Muslims urge the Ummah to reject the terrorism of radical Muslims
moderate demands
moderate in his demands
moderate prices
moderate success
moderate your alcohol intake
moderate your speed
modern English is a syncretic language
modern agricultural (or farming) methods
modern art
modern dance has been called kinetic pantomime
modern furniture
modern history
modern music is just noise to me
modern science caused an acceleration of cultural change
modernized methods
modest inflation
modular furniture
modular homes
modulate the melody
modulate the pitch
moisture retentivity of soil
molar teeth
molar weight
mold public opinion
moldy bread
molecular oxygen
molecular recognition drives all of biology, for instance, hormone and receptor or antibody-antigen interactions or the organization of molecules into larger biologically active entities
molecular structure
molecular weight is the sum of all the atoms in a molecule
mollusks or oysters spat
monarchal government
monarchal pomp
monarchical gestures
monarchical systems
monasteries of votaries
monaural deafness
monetary rewards
monetary unification precipitated the reunification of the German state in October 1990
money became available at the eleventh hour
money is short
money was allocated to study the cause and prevention of influenza
money was his god
moneyed aristocrats
moneyed interests
mongrelized dogs
monks garbed in hooded robes
monochromatic light
monoclinic system
monogamous for life
monogamous marriage
monolingual speakers
monometallic carbonyls
monotonic uninflected speech
monotremes and marsupials are aplacental mammals
monozygotic twins
montane flowers
month by month, the betrayal gnawed at his heart
monthly payments
monumental sculptures
moon the audience
moon-drenched meadows
moonlight gave the statue a lurid luminence
moonlight is the smuggler's enemy
moor the boat
mop and mow
mop-headed cabbage palms
moral bankruptcy
moral convictions
moral degeneracy followed intellectual degeneration
moral sense
moral support
morale at an all-time low
moralize a story
morally repugnant customs
morally unjustified
morbid curiosity
morbid details
morbid interest in death
more beautiful
more fuel is needed during the winter months
more housecleaning is in store at other accounting firms
more importantly, Weber held that the manifold meaning attached to the event by the social scientist could alter his definition of the concrete event itself
more interesting
more land
more men of his stamp are needed
more presciently than they superiors, these workers grasped the economic situation
more prudent to hide than to fight
more quickly
more rain fell
more self-contained and more dependable than many of the early frontiersmen
more support
more than Mercurial thievishness
more than a facelift, the new model marks a fundamental change of direction
more than a gallon
more than adequate as a secretary
more than one
more vindictive than jealous love
more wasteful than the squandering of time
morphological differences
morphological features of granite
mortal beings
mortal combat
mortal enemy
mortar the wall
mortify the flesh
mosquitoes breed in standing water
mosquitos are vectors of malaria and yellow fever
moss-grown ideas about family life
most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS
most Igbo are farmers
most actors love to stride the boards
most amphibians have caducous gills
most animals are heterotrophic
most applications provide extensions for the files they create
most birds are toothless
most churches baptize infants but some insist on adult baptism
most colorectal cancers arise from adenomatous polyps
most companies have a manager in charge of marketing
most criminal cases are handled by a tribal Jirga rather than by laws or police
most everyone agrees
most fishes have fins
most guns are single-barreled
most insects are metamorphic as witness the stages as a butterfly develops from a caterpillar
most major tennis tournaments last a fortnight
most of his friends are now belowground
most of our graduates are employed
most of our knowledge is secondhand
most of the genome consists of junk DNA
most of the students participated actively in the college's intramural sports program
most of these complaints are settled before they go to trial
most people like eggs
most sciences have become woefully compartmentalized
most sectarians are intolerant of the views of any other sect
most soldiers are only boys in uniform
most states have replaced the common law definition of rape with statutes defining sexual assault
most students now have computers accessible
most surefooted of the statesmen who dealt with the depression
most transitive verbs govern the accusative case in German
most vertebrates are stereospondylous
moth-eaten blankets
moth-eaten theories about race
mother and son have the same blue eyes
mother's attic was a treasure trove when we were looking for antiques
mother's milk is one apocrine secretion
mothproof woollen clothes during the summer
motivating arguments
motive pleas
motive power
motiveless malignity
motives inspired by Mammon were often inextricably blended with things pertaining to Caesar and to God
motor energy
motor nerves
motorcycling is a dangerous sport
motorized scooters are now the rage
motorized warfare
mound earth
mounds of incompressible garbage
mount a campaign against pornography
mount a horse
mount a play
mount a theater production
mount an attack
mount slides for macroscopic analysis
mountainous waves
mountains visible in the distance
mournful news
mouse-colored hair
mousy hair
mouth stark open
mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed
move along
move around the obstacle
move the needle further inwards!
move the needle further outward!
moved downward in a sidelong way
moved farther away
moved from a feudal to a despotic order
moved from third to fifth position
moved onward into the forest
moved the appointment ahead from Tuesday to Monday
moved to curb their untoward ribaldry
moved to the country to find breathing room
moved with a lumbering sag-bellied trot
moved with quiet force and undramatic bearing
movement is a sign of life
movers and shakers in the business world
moving midweek holidays to the nearest Monday or Friday allows uninterrupted work weeks
moving with tiptoe steps
moving with uncertain (or unsure) steps
mow the grass
much affection
much given to apothegmatic instruction
much grain is in storage
much hand-shaking and well-wishing
much information is available through computers
much of the O2 supporting cellular respiration is reduced to the superoxide anion O2-
much of the beluga caviar existing in the world is found in the Soviet Union and Iran
much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers
much opium is grown in Myanmar
much poverty can be traced to the underdevelopment of industry
much that was dark is now quite clear to me
much the same thing happened every time
much too dear for my pocketbook
much too perspicacious to be taken in by so spurious an argument
much too perspicacious to be taken in by such a spurious argument
much was written pro and con
mucous glands of the intestine
mucous tissue
mud-beplastered arguments
muddleheaded ideas
muddy barnyard
muddy boots
muddy coffee
muddy colors
muddy the water
muffle one's anger
muffle the message
muffled drums
muggy weather
mulch the flowerbeds
mulled cider
mullioned windows
multi-volumed encyclopedias
multicellular organisms
multidimensional problems
multifarious interests
multinational corporations
multiple birth
multiple ownership
multiple-choice questions
multiply 10 by 15
multiply a letter
multipotent drugs
multiracial government
mum's the word
mummified ideas and institutions should be gotten rid of
mundane affairs
municipal bonds
municipal government
municipal transportation
municipally funded
mural painting
murder in the second degree
murder is an atrocious crime
murderous thugs
murkily expressed ideas
murky rooms lit by smoke-blackened lamps
murky waters
muscles attached by a flat aponeurotic membrane
muscles can hypertrophy when people take steroids
muscular contraction
mushy effusiveness
music for unpromising combinations of instruments
music is a good relaxer
music is a temporal art
music is the only sensual pleasure without vice
music of Turkish derivation
music penetrated the entire building
musical instruments
must remain on your guard in such a situation
must you be so indefinite?
mustard and ketchup are condiments
muster the courage to do something
mutable weather patterns
muted trumpets
mutilated bodies
mutinous acts
mutinous thoughts
muttering profanely
mutual respect
muzzle the dog to prevent it from biting strangers
my account with you is now all square
my aching head
my adopted state
my apprehension of words is auricular; I must hear what I read
my bank check was voided and I wanted to know who the invalidator was
my battery was dead so I had to get a jumpstart from my neighbor
my best wishes
my bonny lass
my boss is a dictator who makes everyone work overtime
my boughten clothes
my bounden duty
my brain is swimming after the bottle of champagne
my broker recommended a greater diversification of my investments
my brother still lives with our parents
my camp-made leather wallet
my car is in storage
my creaky old joints
my day began early this morning
my dear little mother
my dislike of him was instinctive
my doctor has the last word on the medicines I take
my dog swallowed a Lego part
my dress is richly figured
my duties weren't onerous; I only had to greet the guests
my ear will not accept such violent accelerandos
my experience...in other fields of law has made me distrustful of rules of thumb generally
my eyebrows singed when I bent over the flames
my faith has been shaken
my fate is in your hands
my father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege
my father never spared the birch
my father was the designated spanker in our family
my father's philosophy of child-rearing was to let mother do it
my father's words had left me jaded and depressed
my feet were encased in mud
my finances were in a deplorable state
my foot is asleep
my good clothes
my greed was the instrument of my destruction
my hand grasped the gun that was, miraculously, lying on the ground beside my finger tips
my head aches so!
my head is throbbing
my heart with unwilled love grew warm
my hiking sticks telescope and can be put into the backpack
my home town
my honest opinion
my horse lost the race by a nose
my horse was several lengths behind at the finish
my hyacinths and orchids are spiking now
my intention changed once I saw her
my interviews with teenagers revealed a weakening of religious bonds
my invaluable assistant
my investment has increased ninefold
my left hand
my lips are sealed
my little brother just had his 50th birthday
my lucky day
my maternal grandmother
my mother advised her children ceremoniously
my mother has these prehistoric ideas about proper clothes
my mother prescribes a good night's sleep as the cure for all ills
my native land
my neighborhood voted for Bush
my new car is four years old but has only 15,000 miles on it
my old house was larger
my only choice is to refuse
my only inheritance was my mother's blessing
my opinion differs from yours
my own preference is for good literature
my own special chair
my palpitating heart
my pencils are all pointless
my point of departure was San Francisco
my poison ivy is drying up
my poor ailing grandmother
my retrieval of people's names is very poor
my right hand
my right-hand man
my sainted mother
my sister married a musician
my sisters and brothers are near and dear
my snapshots haven't been developed yet
my spies tell me that you had a good time last night
my straitlaced Aunt Anna doesn't approve of my miniskirts
my sweater scratches
my throat feels bad
my torn and tattered past
my watch is fast
my watch is running behind
my weekly allowance of two eggs
my words with inauspicious thunderings shook heaven
my writhen features
my younger brother often tagged along when I went out with my friends
myopic thinking
myriad stars
myrmecophagous squirrel
mysteries solved and unsolved; problems resolved and unresolved
mysterious necromantic rites
mysterious symbols
mystical intuition
mystical religion
mystical theories about the securities market
mystify the story
mythical centaurs
mythicize the ancient stories
nacreous (or pearlescent) clouds looking like mother-of-pearl
nagging concerns and doubts
nagging parents
nail the board onto the wall
naked ambition
naked as a sheared sheep
naked branches of the trees
naked from the waist up
naked to mine enemies
name your accomplices!
named three officials implicated in the plot
names are called categorems
napped fabrics
narcotic addicts
narcotic drugs
narcotic stupor
narrative poetry
narrow opinions
narrow provincial attitudes
narrow-bladed grass
narrow-mindedly, the authorities closed down the cafe where teenagers used to hang out
narrowed arteries impair blood circulation
nasal passages
natal day
natal influences
natal injuries
national anthem
national elections
national forests
national hero
national independence takes priority over class struggle
national interests
national origin
national parks
nationalist aspirations
nationally advertised
native Americans
native copper
native speakers of French
native vistas and unkempt rambling paths
natives were amazed at the apparition of this white stranger
nativist theories
natural blonde hair
natural childbirth is considered the safest for the baby
natural cliffs
natural fertilizers
natural gas
natural gas is a clean-burning fuel
natural immunity
natural parent
natural phenomena
natural produce
natural resources
natural science
natural silk
natural uncapped teeth
natural yogurt
naturally begotten child
naturally grown flowers
naturally, the lawyer sent us a huge bill
nature has seen to it that men are stronger than women
nature is infinitely variable
naughty words
nauseous offal
nautical charts
naval commander
naval history
naval vessels
navigable waters
navigational aids
near beer
near neighbors
nearly orbicular in shape
neat handwriting
neat homework
neatly dressed workers
neatness and fastidiousness of dress
nebulous distinction between pride and conceit
nebulous reasons
necessity is the mother of invention
necessity lends wings to inspiration
neck-deep in work
necromantic delusions
necromantic powders and other weird objects
necrotic tissue
necrotic tissue caseates
need any help we can get
need extra help
needed a specific amount
needed to enforce minimal standards
needs continued support by constituents to be re-elected
needs medical help fast
nefarious schemes
nefariously involved in a conspiracy
negative criticism
negative identification can only be accomplished through biometric identification
negative interest rates
neglected his health and paid the penalty
neglectful of his duties
neglectful parents
negligent in his correspondence
negligent of detail
negligent parents
negociate a bond
negociate securities
negotiable bonds
negotiable demands
negotiations ran into a brick wall
neighboring cities
neither national nor continental but planetary
neonatal care
neoplastic cells
neotenic development
neritic fauna
neritic oil
nerve fibers arborize
nerve impulses cross a synapse through the action of neurotransmitters
nerve-racking noise
nervous disease
nescient of contemporary literature
nested bowls
nesting places on the cliffs are difficult of access
nestled cozily by the fire
net a fish
net profit
nether garments
nether regions
nettlesome paperwork
network affiliates
neural disorder
neural network
neuralgic pains
neurasthenic tendencies
neuroglial tissue
neurological evidence
neuromotor impulses
neurotic disorder
neurotic symptoms
neutral colors like black or white
never been so happy
never dreamed of such beauty
never fear
never had the wildest flights of fancy imagined such magnificence
never look back
never matures as a dimensional character; he is pasty, bland, faceless
never met anyone quite so dim
never on Sunday
never saw so many people
never wore the same dress twice
new and compelling evidence
new blood vessels bud out from the already dilated vascular bed to make up the nutritional deficit
new cars
new entrants to the country must go though immigration procedures
new experiences
new houses are springing up on an improved tract of land near the river
new legislation will put the brakes on spending
new nations
new potatoes
new snow tracked by rabbits
newfangled ideas
newly raised objections
news gets around (or about)
news hot off the press
news of current affairs
news of his proximate arrival
news of the attack came like a bombshell
news sources reflected uncritical estimates of the number of juvenile addicts
news travelled fast
newscasters speculated about the President's game plan for an invasion
newspapers gave only an approximation of the actual events
newspapers of the day printed long wordy editorials
next in line
next the doctor examined his back
next year the meeting will be in Chicago
nice manners
nicely situated on a quiet riverbank
nick horses
nickel the plate
night and day we live with the incessant noise of the city
night invested the lake with a dreamlike quality
night spot
nightly television now goes on until 3:00 or 4:00 a.m.
nihil habet
nimble fingers
nimble wits
nimbleness of wit and imagination
nimbly scaling an iron gate
nine is the second power of three
nip off the flowers
nitric acid
nitroglycerin is obtained by nitrating glycerol
no amount of arm-twisting will get me to agree
no comparison between the two books
no doctor is infallible
no eggs left and no money to buy any
no escape from the ghetto of the typing pool
no evidence that the choking was done by the accused
no excess was too monstrous for them to commit
no explanation for the observed phenomena
no human situation is simple
no idea how overweening he would be
no less than 50 people attended
no less than perfect
no mail is delivered on federal holidays
no mask could conceal his ignorance
no medical care was required
no milk whatsoever is left
no mortal being can influence the absolute
no one actually saw the shark
no one believed her capable of murder
no one can be a poet without a certain unsoundness of mind
no one can live forever
no one enjoys the burning of his soup or the wateriness of his potatoes
no one has a right to shout `fire' in a crowded theater when there is no fire because such an action would pose a clear and present danger to public safety
no one knows how large the black economy really is
no one took it amiss when she spoke frankly
no one wanted to play end
no one was allowed to see the upstairs
no schools offer graduate study in interior design
no section of the nation is more ardent than the South
no significant difference was found
no silver bullet can make the world safe from terrorism
no sound explanation for his decision
no suspect has been found to date
no thank you; I happen to be teetotal
no transactions are possible without him
no vice is universally as hateful as ingratitude
no vote was taken, but after each discussion the chair summed up the sense of the meeting
no, you are wrong
no-one had ever thought of such a clever piece of software
nobble the race horses
noble deeds
noble metals include gold and silver and platinum
nobody is legally allowed to stultify himself
nobody will get everything he wants; we all must compromise
nobody, least of all Joe, agreed with me
nocturnal animals are active at night
nocturnal darkness
nocturnal plants have flowers that open at night and close by day
nocturnally active bird
nodded his hoary head
nodding daffodils
nodular ores
noise seems inappropriate at a time of sadness
noisy foul-mouthed women all shouting at once
noisy irreverent tourists
nomads...absorbed among the settled people
nominal interest rates
nominal phrase
nominally he is the boss
nominate a committee
nominative noun endings
nominative shares of stock
non-Euclidean geometries discard or replace one or more of the Euclidean axioms
non-paying bidders on eBay
non-paying guests
nonalcoholic beverages
nonbelligerent nations
noncompetitive interest in games
noncompetitive positions
nonconscious psychic processes
none of her sisters would betray her
none of his brothers would betray him
none too prosperous
nonenzymatic systems
nonessential to the integral meanings of poetry
nonexempt property
nonexplosive gases
nonfat or fat-free milk
nonfatal heart attack
nonhuman primates such as chimpanzees
nonlexical morphemes
nonmetallic elements
nonnomadic people
nonpersonal forces
nonporous wood
nonprescription drugs
nonproductive labor
nonprofessional actors
nonproprietary products are in the public domain and anyone can produce or distribute them
nonrepetitive DNA sequence
nonrepetitive dance movements
nonresident real estate
nonresident students who commute to classes
nonreturnable bottles cannot be exchanged for a deposit
nonsectarian colleges
nonsense syllables
nonskid tires
nonspecific enteritis
nonspecifically staining substances
nonstandard lengths of board
nonstandard windows
nonsurgical techniques
nonsynthetic fertilizer
nontechnical aspects of the job
nontechnical training
nonthermal luminescence
nontraditional designs
nontraditional practices
nonturbulent flow
nonunion carpenters
nonvenomous snakes
nonvisual stimuli
nor is there anything more virginal than the shimmer of young foliage
nor silver-shedding tears could penetrate her uncompassionate sire
normal curiosity
normal diplomatic relations
normal vesicular breathing
normal word order
normal working hours
normalize relations with China
normalize the spelling
normalize the temperature
normative discipline
normative samples
northeasterly winds
northern autumn colors
northern cities
northern industry
northwesterly winds
nosocomial infection
nosohusial infections
not a blessed dime
not a breath of scandal ever touched her
not a crime but only a remediable blunder
not a cursed drop
not a day's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins
not a fairy palace; yet a mundane wonder of unimagined kind
not a policeman in sight
not a tad of difference
not a very likely excuse
not all experimentation is done in laboratories
not all fondlers are sexual perverts
not all organisms are utilizers of oxygen
not all questions have an interrogative construction
not all the occupied (or tenanted) apartments were well kept up
not an appropriate (or fit) time for flippancy
not an unmixed blessing
not any milk is left
not at all
not breathe a word
not clear about what is expected of us
not everyone agrees that information warfare is limited to the realm of traditional warfare
not everyone regards humility as a virtue
not everyone shared his placid temperament
not ideology but pragmatic politics
not many
not many calls for buggywhips
not merely rich but loaded
not much
not much rain
not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book
not out of the ordinary
not quite finished
not the least nettlesome of his countrymen
not the most salubrious campsite
not this Saturday, next Saturday
not too proud to wear hand-me-down clothes
not totally abstinent but abstemious
not unmindful of the heavy responsibility
not used to a city and worried about small things
not worth his salt
not worth one red cent
not worth shucks
notably in the social sciences, the professors teach too much
notch the rope
note the assonant words and syllables in `tilting at windmills'
note the meticulous precision of his measurements
note the steep incline
noteworthy new offerings for investors included several index funds
nothing came of his grandiose plans
nothing could be further from the truth
nothing disturbed the even tenor of her ways
nothing is so monotonous as the sea
nothing lifted the heaviness of her heart after her loss
nothing marred her beauty
nothing so fatal as to strive too officiously for an abstract quality like beauty
nothing so frumpish as last year's gambling game
nothing will result from this meeting
notice came so tardily that we almost missed the deadline
noticeable for its vivid historical background
noticeable shadows under her eyes
noticed a distinct improvement
noticed the bee's momentary orienting pause before heading back to the hive
noun phrase
nouns are frequently used adjectively
now I am a made man forever
now and again she would take her favorite book from the shelf and read to us
now hear this!
now is your chance
now let's play the piece again double-quick
now my sworn friend and then mine enemy
now pay attention
now that my children are self-supporting
now the Democrats are out
now they try to shorten the patient's hospitalization
noxious chemical wastes
noxious ideas
nuclear disarmament and nonproliferation are closely related goals
nuclear division
nuclear fission
nuclear forces
nuclear membrane
nuclear physics
nuclear war
nuclear weapons
nucleated cells
null and void
numb to the cries for mercy
numb with cold
number 2 on the charts
numerable assets
numerical order
numerical value
numerous times
nuptial day
nurses clad in white
nursing his wounded arm
nurture his talents
nutbrown hair
nutritional information
nutritional privation
nutritionally, her new diet is suicide
o'er the shaded billows rushed the night
oaten bread
obedient children
obediently she slipped off her right shoe and stocking
objections were voiced on every hand
objective art
objective benefits
objective case
objective evidence
objects of thought
oblations for aid to the poor
obligate money
obligational authority
obliged to go into infected rooms
obligingly, he lowered his voice
oblique political maneuvers
oblivious of the mounting pressures for political reform
oblivious old age
oblivious to the risks she ran
obscene telephone calls
obsequious shop assistants
observant and thoughtful, he was given to asking sagacious questions
observant of the speed limit
obsessed by things elfin and small
obsessive gambling
obsessive-compulsive neurosis
obsolete fossilized ways
obsolete words
obstetric hospital
obstetricians have to pay high rates for malpractice insurance
obstinate withstanders of innovation
obstreperous boys
obstreperously, he demanded to get service
obstruct the path
obstruction of justice
obtunded reflexes
obvious errors
obvious lies
obviously bemused by his questions
occasional headaches
occidental civilization
occipital bone
occult blood in the stool
occult lore
occupation of a building without a certificate of occupancy is illegal
occupational hazard
ocean circulation is an important part of global climate
oceanic birds
oceanic currents
oceanic islands like Bermuda
oceanic life
oceanic waters
ocular diseases
ocular inspection
ocular muscles
odoriferous spices
odorless flowers
odorless gas
odorous garbage
odorous jasmine flowers
odorous salt pork and weevily hardtack
of all landlubbers the most lubberly
of all the people brushed against in a normal day on a city street I remember not a one
of ample proportions
of an adust complexion
of arbitrary size and shape
of august lineage
of average height for his age
of childbearing age
of equal standing
of gentle blood
of heroic proportions
of humble (or lowly) birth
of ignoble (or ungentle) birth
of ill repute
of indeterminate age
of irreproachable character
of less importance
of national concern
of no avail
of noble birth
of normal intelligence
of restricted importance
of royal ancestry
of the three American Virgin islands St. Thomas is the most touristed
of the top 50 commodity chemicals, 30 are created directly by catalysis and another 6 are made from raw materials that are catalytically produced
of titular rank
of undetermined species
of unsound mind
of vital interest
of what coarse metal ye are molded
of worldwide significance
off-and-on static
off-base housing
off-color jokes
off-level floors and untrue doors and windows
off-line resources
off-street parking
off-street unloading of vehicles
offend all laws of humanity
offensive odors
offensive remarks
offensive weapons
offer prayers to the gods
offer resistance
offered his help in unloading
offering to help was as instinctive as breathing
offhand excuses
office politics is often counterproductive
official magisterial functions
official permission
official privileges
officially responsible
officially, he is in charge
offload the van
offset a wall
offset deposits and withdrawals
offset the conference proceedings
offshore oil reserves
offshore winds
offstage noises
offstage political meetings
often drugs and crime are not dissociable
often imitations are extended to provide a more accurate rendition of the child's intended meaning
oh, damn (or goddamn)!
oh, that happened eons ago
oil the wooden surface
oil-bearing shale
oil-smeared work clothes
oil-soluble pigments
oiled country roads
oily fried potatoes
oily puddles in the streets
old age is not for sissies
old boxes of desiccated Cuban cigars
old country
old friendships
old house
old houses are often so densely packed that perhaps three or four have to be demolished for every new one built
old money
old people
old stunted thorn trees
old tradition
old wine
olden days
oldline aristocratic diplomats underhandedly undermined the attempt...to align Germany with the Western democracies
oleaginous hypocrisy
oleaginous seeds
olympian beauty and serene composure
olympian detachment
olympian efforts to save the city from bankruptcy
ominous rumblings of discontent
omissive crimes
omnidirectional antenna
omnifarious reading
on Sundays they had a large dinner when they returned from church
on Tuesday next
on a case-by-case basis
on a clear day
on a fair footing
on a friendly footing
on a militarily significant scale
on a par with the best
on a subject like this it would be too assuming for me to decide
on active duty
on all fronts the Allies were in a desperate situation due to lack of materiel
on average he watches three movies a week
on bended knee
on business in a foreign city
on different sides of the issue
on equal terms
on even terms
on familiar terms
on good terms with her in-laws
on guard against con artists
on her beam-ends
on high rocky heels
on his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party
on one side of the island was a hugh rock, almost detached
on paper the candidate seems promising
on red-letter nights a large gathering greeted the celebrity
on short rations
on surefooted donkeys
on that reading it was an insult
on the assumption that he has been injured we can infer that he will not play
on the brink of bankruptcy
on the brink of geezerhood
on the cruise, we did some island-hopping
on the eve of the French Revolution
on the face of it the problem seems minor
on the fast track in school
on the flip side of partnerships he talked about their competition
on the geological time scale mankind has existed but for a brief moment
on the lecture circuit
on the leeward side of the island
on the occasion of his 60th birthday
on the one hand, she is a gifted chemist
on the one hand..., but on the other hand...
on the other hand, she is too ambitious for her own good
on the rearward side
on the rough sea ice you may on an unshadowed day...fall over a chunk of ice that is kneehigh
on the same side of the street
on the seaward side of the road
on the threshold of manhood
on the topmost step
on the verge of tears
on the very next page
on the whole the results of this system are unimposing
on this very spot
on two distinct occasions
on what kind of yardstick is he basing his judgment?
on winged feet
on-line editorial projects
on-line hard-boiled in-your-face pornography
on-line industries
on-site inspection
on-street parking is prohibited at rush hour
on-the-job requirements
on-the-job training
on-the-spot inspections
once I ran into her
once a nation is embarked on a course of action it becomes extremely difficult for any retraction to take place
once we are home, we can rest
oncological nurse
one aspect of Waterloo has not yet been treated in the literature
one cannot say such things lightly
one college athlete recently called beer a gateway drug for young people
one curve osculates the other
one day when I was at a suitable jumping-off place I decided to see if I could find him
one end of the box was marked `This side up'
one eye was blue but its fellow was brown
one foot of the chair was on the carpet
one gene causes shortness and the other causes longness
one harsh word would send her into the depths of despair
one hour and ten minutes
one hour of right ascension equals fifteen degrees
one idea squares with another
one last worried check of the sleeping children
one milligram of ricin can kill an adult
one mistake and you're toast
one mistake brought shame to all his family
one nation indivisible
one of his cardinal convictions was that Britain was not run as a democracy but as an oligarchy
one of the 93 naturally occurring chemical elements
one of the elect who have power inside the government
one of the excused jurors planned to write a book
one of the hot young talents
one of the less salubrious suburbs
one of the most theatrical figures in public life
one of the old masters
one of the qualifications for admission is an academic degree
one of the quasi-royal rulers of Africa
one of the serrations was broken off
one of the spikes impaled him
one of the tires developed a leak
one of the unchangeable facts of life
one of them was safe but they were unable to save the faller
one of those artfully staged photographs
one owner-occupied and three rental apartments
one paper scurrilously described how Edward was neglecting a bereaved mother to dance attendance on Wally
one part of a strange world should be given a comfortingly familiar form
one place or another
one should not approach life materialistically
one strong stab to the heart killed him
one swallow of the liquid was enough
one trouble after another delayed the job
one unfortunately sees historic features carelessly lost when estates fall into unsympathetic hands
one's dearest wish
one's innermost feelings
one's liege lord
one's native language
one's own self
one's ratiocinative powers
one's ultimate goal in life
one-eyed Jacks are wild
one-handed golfers
one-on-one defense
one-on-one instruction
one-way streets
onions, leeks, garlic, chives are alliaceous plants
only a faint recollection
only a fair performance of the sonata
only a few short months
only a handful of responses were received
only a little earthy bank separates me from the edge of the ocean
only a rotter would do that
only an automaton wouldn't have noticed
only an avid hoper could expect the team to win now
only few plants can immigrate to the island
only indistinct notions of what to do
only members will be admitted
only sight and touch enable us to locate objects in the space around us
only superficial differences
only the bare facts
only the crude vital statistics
only the fittest animals were survivors of the cold winters
only the most skilled gymnasts make an Olympic team
only the shine of their metal was distinguishable in the gloom
only the top side of the box was painted
only the very poorest citizens should be exempt from income taxes
only the very rich benefit from this legislation
only the whiteness of her cheeks gave any indication of the stress from which she was suffering
only trivial objections
only winners need apply
only worn-out horses and cattle
onomatopoeic words are imitative of noises
ontogenetic development
ontological speculations
opalized tree trunks
opaque to X-rays
opaque windows of the jail
open a business
open a window and let in some air
open areas are only occasionally interrupted by clumps of trees
open ballots
open drains
open ranks
open scrubby woods
open season
open sports cars
open the door and see who the knocker is
open the map
open to attack
open to attack by the elements
open to interpretation
open to suggestions
open to the weather
open waters
open your eyes wide
open-angle glaucoma is the most common type of glaucoma
open-ended agreements
open-hearth steel
open-minded impartiality
opencast mining
openhearted advice
operating in a totalistic fashion
operational difficulties
operationalist doctrine
operative dentistry
operative regulations
ophthalmic defect
ophthalmic surgery
opinions are divided
opinions are usually written by a single judge
opponent (or opposing) armies
opportunities for out-of-school youth
opposite leaves
opposite meanings
oppressed by a sense of failure
oppressive laws
oppressive sorrows
optative verb endings
optical supplies
optically distorted
optimal concentration of a drug
optimistic plans
optimization requires processes that are more complex than those needed to merely satisfice
optimize a computer program
optimize your resources
oral hygiene
orange blossoms perfumed the air in the garden
oratorical prose
orbital arch
orbital revolution
orbital scale
orbital velocity
orchestral score
order a work stoppage
order ruled in the streets
order the photos chronologically
ordering goods and enclosing payment therefor
orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness
ordinal numbers
ordinary decency
ordinary everyday objects
ordinate similar parts
organic chicken
organic eggs
organic gardening is more natural
organic growth
organic life
organic matter putrefies
organic remains found in rock
organic vegetables
organically bound iodine
organizational structure
organizationally, the conference was a disaster!
organize a strike
organized a vocal group to sing his compositions
organized labor
organized medicine
orgiastic festivity
oriental civilization
orientalisms can be found in Mozart's operas
orientalize your garden
origin in sensation
originally all brahmans were priests
ornate rhetoric taught out of the rule of Plato
orotund tones
orthodontic braces
orthodontic treatment of facial abnormalities
orthomolecular medicine
orthomolecular therapy
orthopedic shoes
orthostatic hypotension
osmotic pressure
osseous tissue
ossiferous caves
ossified teaching methods
ostracized for his counterrevolutionary tendencies
other people's dreams are dreadfully wearisome
other sports and entertainment facilities are on tap
other, less fortunate, children died
otiose lines in a play
our Costa Rican neighbors
our Filipino cook
our accountant is thorough
our actions are circumscribed by our biology, personality, and by the social and cultural context into which we are born
our anthropocentric view of the world
our babysitter lives in, as it is too far to commute for her
our bated enthusiasm
our benignant king
our blessed land
our bodies jumped nervously away at the slightest touch
our budget will be significantly affected by these new cuts
our budget will only be insignificantly affected by these new cuts
our candidate is in the lead in the polls
our canoe...lay with her scrofulous sides on the shore
our capital concern was to avoid defeat
our cat kittened again this year
our cheeseparing administration
our church is hosting a picnic next week
our company's western office
our condemnation of him was a bit previous
our cook lives out; he can easily commute from his home
our dear departed friend
our department was dismembered when our funding dried up
our discussion was very unsatisfactory
our distinguished professor
our dog sheds every Spring
our double-barreled desire to make things profitable as well as attractive
our earthly home
our esteemed leader
our exhaustible reserves of fossil fuel
our eyes were literally pinned to TV during the Gulf War
our feathered friends
our forefathers brought forth a great nation
our former glory
our funds are depleted
our fusillade from the left flank caught them by surprise
our glorious literature
our greatest statesmen
our homework consisted of ten problems to solve
our ideas must be substantiated into actions
our inability to see everything minutely and clearly is due merely to the infirmity of our senses
our instruction was carefully programmed
our lamplit mountain retreat
our large nonnative population
our late President is still very active
our lawsuit is still undetermined
our local super market delivers
our manhood's prime vigor
our manifold failings
our merciful king
our natural environment
our neighbor was very kind about the window our son broke
our neighbors peeped from behind closed curtains
our new colleague relaxed when he saw that we were a friendly group
our next president
our parents represented to us the need for more caution
our paths in life led us apart
our pitcher has a sore arm
our plans began to take shape
our position on this bill is still undecided
our positions here at the university are rather insecurely supported by grant money
our prisoner was just a private and knew nothing of value
our project needs brainy women
our rent increased threefold in the past five years
our republican and artistic simplicity
our rooms were side by side
our salaries put together couldn't pay for the damage
our shattered dreams of peace and prosperity
our shriveled receipts during the storm
our southern women are well-favored
our successors...may be graver, more inured and equable men
our team came up with some most intriguing finds
our team has a strong bench
our team is down by a run
our temporal existence
our treaty makers approached their immensely difficult problems unprepared
our ukuleles have been designed to have superior sound and projection
our unfenced and largely unpoliced border inevitably has been very porous
our views on this matter coincided
our watchword will be `democracy'
our words are distortable things--as in a crooked mirror held up to nature
our worries are lilliputian compared with those of countries that are at war
out of focus
out of kilter
out of respect for his privacy
out of sight of land
out of true
out to win every event
out-and-out mayhem
out-of-date ideas
out-of-the-way information
out-of-the-way remarks
outboard rigging
outbursts of drunken violence and manic activity and creativity
outdated and inefficient design and methods
outdated equipment
outdoor clothes
outdoor education is the area of teacher training concerned with training for outdoor activities
outer reality
outline his ideas
outlying settlements
outmoded ideas
outre and affected stage antics
outside interests
outside the reach of the law
outside, the box is black
outspan the draft animals
outspoken in their opposition to segregation
outspread wings
outstanding bills
outward-bound ships
outwardly, she appeared composed
outwardly, the figure is smooth
ovarian cancer
ovenbake this chicken
over 40 million Americans invest in common stocks
over there
over-fed women and their gluttonous husbands
over-the-counter stocks
overactivity of the sebaceous glands causes the skin to become oily
overbear criticism, protest, or arguments
overblown oratory
overblown roses
overburdened social workers
overcapitalize a property
overcast books
overcome by a superior opponent
overcrowded and understaffed hospitals
overcrowding made triple sessions necessary
overeager in his pursuit of the girl
overfill the baskets
overhaul the health care system
overheard snatches of their conversation
overheated metal
overly subtle casuistic reasoning
overnight accommodations are available
overpriced items at resort shops
overprotective parents
overseas markets
overstay or outstay one's welcome
overt hostility
overt intelligence gathering
overtones of despair
overweening ambition
overweening greed
overwhelming joy
overwrite that file
owls have nocturnal habits
ox-eyed Juno
oxidation ponds are extensively used for sewage treatment in the Midwest
oxidative glycolysis
oxidative rancidity
oxygen free radicals are normally removed in our bodies by the superoxide dismutase enzymes
oxygenate blood
oxyhemoglobin transports oxygen to the cells of the body
oysters spat
pack a jury
pack the books into the boxes
pack the breakables separately
pack the faucet
packaged cereals
packed cells are given to severely anemic patients in order to avoid overloading the circulatory system with too much fluid
packed snow
pad a bra
pad the seat of the chair
paddle your own canoe
paddle-shaped fins
paid a flying visit
paid close attention
paid work
paid-up insurance
paid-up members
pain in the right shoulder can be referred pain from gallbladder disease
pain-free surgery
painless dentistry
painstaking research
paint remover
painters who are in fact anything but unsophisticated
painting and the related arts
painting the room white made it seem considerably (or substantially) larger
paired fangs
paired gloves
palatable food
palatal index
palatial furnishings
pale blue eyes
pale bony hands
pale prose with the faint sweetness of lavender
pale seagreen
paleolithic artifacts
pall the beer
palmately cleft
palmleaf-roofed huts
palpitant movements rather than violent eruptions
palsied hands
pampering parents often have spoilt children
pan-fry the dumplings
pan-roast that meat
pancreatic cancer
pandas rarely breed in captivity
pandemic fear of nuclear war
panel the walls with wood
pangs of regret
panic in the stock market
papal dispensation
paper the box
papery leaves
par for this course is 72
paradigmatic inflection
paradigmatic learning
paradigmatic word associations
paradisiacal innocence
paradoxically, ice ages seem to occur when the sun gets hotter
parallel lines never converge
parallel processing
parallels never meet
paralysis is one of the sequelae of poliomyelitis
paralytic symptoms
parametric equation
paranasal sinus
parasitic infection
parasitic vines that strangle the trees
parasympathomimetic drugs slow the heart rate
parcel rope
parched corn was a staple of the Indian diet
parched soil
pardon the expression
pare apples
pare one's fingernails
parental guidance
parenthetical remarks
parents and teachers alike demanded reforms
parents are answerable for their child's acts
pareve margarine
parietal lobe
parity is often used to check the integrity of transmitted data
park the car in the yard
park the car on the level
park the children with the in-laws
park your bag in this locker
parliamentary government
parliamentary law
parliamentary reform
parochial schools
parochially narrow in his outlook
parroting some timeworn axiom
parsimonious thrift relieved by few generous impulses
parsnips and carrots are biennial plants often grown as annuals
part-time employees
partial collapse
partial immunity
partial paralysis resulted in an atrophied left arm
partial to horror movies
participation was voluntary
participatory democracy
participial inflections
particle detectors sense ionization
particles in space exist in the form of a plasma
particles were colloidally dispersed in the medium
particularized thinking as distinct from stereotyped sloganeering
parties to a civil union have all the same benefits, protections, and responsibilities under Vermont law as spouses in a marriage
parting is such sweet sorrow
partition a room off
partitive tendencies in education
parts of the newspaper article were blacked out
parts of the trunk of this tree can regrow
parturient pangs
party bosses have a reputation for corruption
party of the propertyless proletariat
parvebread
paschal lamb
pass along the good news
pass out cold
pass the word along
passed a series of poky little one-horse towns
passed his life in an inconsiderable village
passersby were dead to our plea for help
passionless observation of human nature
passive matrix displays are generally inferior to active matrix displays
passive resistance
paste made by a mix of flour and water
paste the sign on the wall
paste the wall with burlap
pastel pink
pasteurize milk
pastoral land
pastoral seminomadic people
pastoral work
pat him on the shoulder
patch a hole
patch the skirt
patched jeans
patches of thin ice
patchy fog
patellar tendon
patent advantages
patent ductus arteriosus
paternal traits
pathetic dogs kept in small unhygienic cages
pathogenic bacteria
pathologic tissue
pathological bodily processes
pathological laboratory
pathologically interesting results
patients taking MAOIs should avoid foods containing tyramine
patrician landholders of the American South
patrician tastes
patrimonial estate
patriotically, he buys only U.S.-made products
patrons have their uses
pave the roads in the village
paw prints were everywhere
pawn your grandfather's gold watch
pay a call
pay a debt
pay a visit
pay an obligation
pay attention
pay attention to
pay court to the emperor
pay one's formal respects
pay should be commensurate with the time worked
pay up, please!
paying Blacks less and charging them more is a form of victimization
paying taxes to voracious governments
payment is due
payments fall on the 1st of the month
peace came on November 11th
peace-loving citizens
peaceful sleep
peaceful times
peach and plum seeds embedded in a sweet edible pulp
peach fuzz
peals of merry laughter
peanut politicians
pear-shaped vowels
pearl-handled revolver
pearly teeth evenly aligned
peasants are still unreconstructed small capitalists at heart
pectic acid
pectoral organ
pedagogical significance
pedagogy is recognized as an important profession
pediatric dentist
peeling potatoes is a drag
peered severely over her glasses
peered through those inaesthetic spectacles
peeved about being left out
peg a tent
pelagic organisms
pelagic whaling
pellucid prose
pelt the speaker with questions
pelvic exam
pelvic inflammation
penal code
penal reform
penal servitude
penetrable defenses
penetrated deep into enemy territory
penetrating insight
penguins inhabit the polar regions
penicillin-resistant bacteria
penile erection
peninsular isolation
penitential tears
penitentiary institutions
pensions are in the toilet
pensively he stared at the painting
pentamerous flowers
peonies can be blighted by the laying on of a finger
people actually accomplish more when they take time for short rests
people are needed who have experience in cookery
people are poaching elephants for their ivory
people came from far and near
people came to see the candidates and hear the speechmaking
people can clone a sheep nowadays
people can't tell the twins apart
people come and go, but the population of this town has remained approximately constant for the past decade
people everywhere are becoming aware of the problem
people have been brewing beer for thousands of years
people in high places
people knew how to stain glass a beautiful blue in the middle ages
people no longer vivisect animals--it's considered unethical
people of quality
people returned to the plundered village
people strolling about in an unhurried way
people tied by blood or marriage
people turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium
people universally agree on this
people unsympathetic to the revolution
people used to salt meats on ships
people were garrotted during the Inquisition in Spain
people were in line at the checkout counter
people were maimed by the explosion
people were pouring out of the theater
people were rushing about
people who seem stand-offish are in reality often simply nervous
people who were wrongfully imprisoned should be released
people who will do nothing unless they get something out of it for themselves are often highly effective persons...
people with type O blood are universal donors
pep up your paper
pepper is a sternutatory substance
pepper the soup
peptic juices
per annum
perambulating nursemaids with their charges
perceivable through the mist
perceptible changes in behavior
perceptible only as unaccountable influences that hinder progress
perceptive faculties
perceptual error...has a surprising resemblance to veridical perception
perceptual stimulus
percolate coffee
percussive music
percutaneous absorption
peregrinate the bridge
peremptory commands
perennial efforts to stipulate the requirements
perennial happiness
perennial herbs with woody stems
perfect happiness
perfect manners
perfect timing
perfect your French in Paris!
perfectly poised and sure of himself
perforate the sheets of paper
perforated cancellation
perforated stamp
performances varied from acceptable to excellent
performed the most challenging task without a mistake
performed well in the titular (or title) role
performers and members of royal families are public figures
perfumed boudoir
perfumed stationery
perfunctory courtesy
perfuse a liver with a salt solution
perhaps a million dollars are at stake
perhaps she will call tomorrow
pericardial space
perinatal care
perinatal mortality
perineal pains
periodic feelings of anxiety
periodontal disease
peripatetic country preachers
peripheral issues
peripheral suburbs
perishable foods such as butter and fruit
peritoneal cancer
permanent address
permanent brain damage
permanent secretary to the president
permeable membranes
permissible behavior in school
permission to publish copyright material
permissive parents
permit me to acquaint you with my son
perpetrate a crime
perpetrated a practical joke with elfin delight
perpetuate a myth
perplexed language
perplexed state of the world
perplexing to someone who knew nothing about it
persistent leaves remain attached past maturity
persisting unaltered through time
person-to-person telephone calls
personal hygiene
personal magnetism
personal papers
personal verb endings
personalized advice
personalized luggage
personalized service
personally, I find him stupid
perspiration is a homeostatic process
persuading him was easy going
persuasive eloquence
perversion also shows up in kinky telephone cords
perverted practices
pervious soil
pestle the garlic
pet the lamb
petroleum oils coke after distillation
petticoated ladies
petty little comments
petty officialdom
phage uses the bacterium's machinery and energy to produce more phage until the bacterium is destroyed and phage is released to invade surrounding bacteria
phallic eroticism
phallic worship
pharmacologically, this plant could have important applications
pharyngeal fricatives
phase a withdrawal
phenomenal feats of memory
phenomenal science
phenotypical profile
philanthropic contributions
philharmonic players
philosophers have speculated on the question of God for thousands of years
philosophical resignation
philosophical writing
phobic disorder is a general term for all phobias
phonemic analysis
phonemically transcribed
phonetic analysis
phonetic transcription
phonetically realized
phonograph records were sold in cardboard jackets
phosphoric acid
photographic equipment
photographic film is light-sensitive
photographically recorded scenes
photographs taken in a veritable bull ring
photomechanics revolutionized the practice of printing
photometrically measured
photosynthesis is an endergonic process
phrasal verb
phrase a musical passage
phrenic nerve
phrenology was an antecedent of modern neuroscience
phylogenetic development
physical exercise
physical laws
physical properties
physical rather than ethereal forms
physical sciences
physical suffering
physicians are now more circumspect about recommending its use
physicians should be held responsible for the health of their patients
physicists study both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it
physiologic functions
physiological processes
physiological psychology
physiologically addicted
physiologically ready
pianistic abilities
pianists of comparable ability
picaresque novels
pick a fight or a quarrel
pick any card
pick flowers
pick meat from a bone
pick mushrooms
pick pockets
pick up a signal
pick up the burden of high-interest mortgages
pick up the tab
picked up the baby's shorn curls from the floor
picket a business to protest the layoffs
picket the goat
pictographic stage in the development of writing
pictorial perspective
pictorial poetry and prose
pictorial records
pictures made the text easier to understand
pidgins often creolize
piece the broken pieces of thread, slivers, and rovings
pieces of pasted paper
pied daisies
pierced ears
piercing cold
piercing criticism
piercing knifelike pains
piezoelectric plates
piffling efforts
piggish table manners
piggishly, he took two pieces of cake
pigment a photograph
pigs were wallowing in the mud
piles of dirty dishes
pillow your head
pilots are taught to take evasive action
pin down the butterfly
pin the blame on the innocent man
pin the needle to the shirt
pin up a picture
pinchbeck heroism
pineal hormone
pineapples are comate
ping your machine in the office
pinnacle a pediment
pioneer space
pioneers had to cross the continent on foot
pious readings
pipe a tune
pipe oil, water, and gas into the desert
pipe the skirt
pipe-clay leather
pirate ships were vagabonds of the sea
piratical attackers
piratical editions of my book
pit a chess player against the Russian champion
pit plums and cherries
pitch a tent
pitchfork hay
piteous appeals for help
pitiable homeless children
pitiable lack of character
pitiful exhibition of cowardice
pituitary hormone
pizza has too much fat
placating (or placative) gestures
place a bet
place a phone call
place the mantle of authority on younger shoulders
placed statutorily under the council's supervision
plaguey fevers
plain food
plain homely furniture
plain untucked shirt front
plain utilitarian kitchenware
plain water
plains fertilized by annual inundations
plainspoken and to the point
plaintiffs and defendants are both litigants
plait hair
plan an attack
plan the new wing of the museum
plane the top of the door
plane-polarized light
planes were flying overhead
planetary motion
planetary rumblings and eructations
planetary year
plangent bells
planks were in danger of being torn from the crossbars
planners developed several scenarios in case of an attack
planning is an area where lead time can be reduced
plans are afoot
plans are indefinite
plans are still uncertain
plans are still up in the air
plans conformable with your wishes
plant bugs in the dissident's apartment
plant fish
plantar warts can be very painful
planted his great bulk square before his enemy
plants exfoliate
plants from a cold clime travel best in winter
plants of a creeping or scandent nature
plants of several distinct types
plants sporulate
plants that reproduce asexually
plants transpire
plants with hispid stems
plaster the broken arm
plastic highly resistant to steam and water
plastic is a metonym for credit card
plastic substances such as wax or clay
plasticized PVC
plate spoons with silver
platonic love
platoons of tourists poured out of the busses
play a hooked fish
play a joke
play ball!
play cards
play fair
play it cool
play it safe
play it straight with no shtik
play its role
play money
play safe
play the casinos in Trouville
play the stock market
play this legato, please
play this more allegretto
play this section allegro
play this section vivace!
play this staccato, please
play water from a hose
play with her feelings
played a large role in the negotiations
played a secondary role in world events
played first horn
played heads-up ball
played poker on the cleared dining room table
played the difficult passage with flying fingers
played top-notch tennis
played with marked cards
players had to reserve a court in advance
playful children just let loose from school
plea bargaining helps to stop the courts becoming congested
pleach a hedge
pleasant sensations
please be patient
please confine your questions to the topic
please do your job properly!
please don't undress in front of everybody!
please go slow so I can see the sights
please hold a table at Maxim's
please hold down the noise so that the neighbors can sleep
please intonate with sadness
please mark the individual pages
please modify this letter to make it more polite
please move clockwise in a circle
please move counterclockwise in a circle!
please pay attention
please put the clean dishes back in the cabinet when you have washed them
please read the passage aloud
please send the letter express
pleasingly plump
plenty of healthy sleep
pleural muscles
pliant molten glass
plop came the ball down to the corner of the green
plowed fields
pluck the capon
pluck the flowers off the bush
plug a nickle
plug the hole
plug the wall
plunged straightway to the rocks below
ply an axe
ply fabric
ply your wits!
pneumatic drill
pneumatic tire
pneumococcus quellung
pneumonia is a medical disease
pneumonic plague
poached apricots
pocket-size paperbacks
pod peas or beans
poetic diction
poetic insight
poetic works
poetically expressed
poetry is a sort of divine madness
poetry is something to which words are the accidental, not by any means the essential form
poetry often does not translate
poets--those gifted strangely prehensile men
poignant anxiety
poignant grief cannot endure forever
point a chimney
point a finger
point a gun
point the letter
point-blank range
pointed out the insufficiencies in my report
pointing directly at a listener is an assertive act
pointy-toed shoes
poison is released through a channel in the snake's fangs
poison someone's mind
poison the atmosphere in the office
poisonous hate
poke the embers in the fireplace
poked gentle fun at him
polar diameter
polar regions
polar weather
polar zone
polarize light waves
pole barges on the river
pole climbing plants like beans
police are searching for relatives of the deceased
police are the major line of defense against crime
police controlled the motion of the crowd
police tried to break up the gang
police tried to control the battle between the pro- and anti-abortion mobs
police used a sternutatory to subdue the mob
policeman patrolled the streets ahorseback
policemen stood at intervals along the curbside
policemen were primary targets
policy makers often make the right decision for the wrong reason
polio is no longer the dreaded disease it once was
polish my shoes
polish your social manners
polished rice
polite society
political career
political consequences of incomplete military success
political convention
political crosscurrents disrupted the conference
political fatigue
political office
political opinions
political policy
political pressure
politically correct clothing
politically organized units
politicians have neglected our military posture
politicians have no sound grasp of technology issues
politicians have to respect a mass movement
politicians never discuss the real issues
politicians shed crocodile tears over the plight of the unemployed
politicize the discussion
politics is an impermanent factor of life
politics is his consuming passion
politics is the art of the possible
politics makes strange bedfellows
pollard trees
polls are accused of creating a bandwagon effect to benefit their candidate
polluted lakes and streams
polychromatic light
polycrystalline metals
polygonal structure
polymorphous crystallization
polyphonic letters such as `a'
polyphonic traditions of the baroque
polyphonically composed
pomaded hair
pomp and circumstance
ponderous prehistoric beasts
ponderous weapons
pool hall
poor damned souls
pop the clutch
pop the pizza into the microwave oven
popular fiction
popular imagination created a world of demons
popular representation
popular science
popular thought
popularity is an equivocal crown
populate the forest with deer and wild boar for hunting
pornographic films and magazines
pornography is cancerous to the moral development of our children
port a rifle
port the helm
portentously, the engines began to roll
positive increase in graduating students
positive laws
positive numbers
positive philosophy
positivist doctrine
positivist thinkers
possessing annihilative power
possessive pronouns
possible distribution channels are wholesalers or small retailers or retail chains or direct mailers or your own stores
possible uses of nuclear power
post a sign
post a warning
post a warning at the dump
postal delivery
postexposure prophylaxis is an integral part of the pharmacopeia in preventing severe disease after acute infections
postictal drowsiness
postindustrial countries
postings on a blog are usually in chronological order
postmodernist architecture
postmortal wounds
postmortem changes
postnatal development
postoperative care
postoperative complications
postural exercises
postwar inflation
postwar resettlement
potent liquor
potential clients
potentially confusable senses of words
potentially useful
potentiate the drug
potted geraniums
potted meat
potted shrimp
pottery of this cast was found throughout the region
pottery was his life
potty little details
pound on the door
pound the cows so they don't stray
pound the roots with a heavy flat stone
pour water over the floor
pouring flood waters
poverty as a causative factor in crime
powder-puff baseball
powder-smeared and frowzled
powdered cellulose
powdery snow
power pylons are a favorite target for terrorists
power to the people
power-assisted steering
powered flight
powerful arms
powerful drugs
practical applications of calculus
practical mathematics
practical truth provable to all men
practically everything in Hinduism is the manifestation of a god
practically orientated institutions such as business schools
practically the first thing I saw when I got off the train
practice a religion
practice greatly improves proficiency
practice law
practice makes perfect
practice non-violent resistance
practice safe sex
practices entirely antithetical to her professed beliefs
praetorial powers
pray for them that despitefully use us
pray to the Lord
preached a mercantile and militant patriotism
precatory overtures
precedential treatment for senior members of the firm
precious memories
precious stones occur in a large area in Brazil
precocious flowers appear before the leaves as in some species of magnolias
precook the rice
predatory capitalists
predatory warfare
predicate nominative
predicatively used adjectives
predictably, he did not like the news
predicting his success was a slam dunk
predigested foods are a boon for those who are ill or have impaired digestion
preferential tariff rates
preferential treatment
preferment of charges
preferred to settle the matter one-on-one
prefixed words
prefrontal lobes
prehensile employers stingy with raises for their employees
prehistoric archeology
prehistoric peoples
prehistoric settlements
prejudice is the holding of unconsidered opinions
prejudices die hard
premedical courses
premedical students
premeditated murder
premium gasoline at a premium price
prenuptial agreement
prepackaged foods
preparations for the ceremony had begun
preparations for the trial are underway
preparatory steps
prepare a report
prepare a speech
prepare for war
prepare the discord in bar 139
prepared a tolerable dinner
prepared ergot
prepared for the expected attack
prepared to take risks
prepositional phrase
prescriptive grammar is concerned with norms of or rules for correct usage
present at the creation
present at the wedding
present observations
presentable clothes
presented a united front
presented an undivided front
preserve the forest and the lakes
preserve the peace in the family
preserve wetlands; keep them undrained
preserve...from rancourous envy of the rich
preserved because they inhabited a place apart
preserved meats
preside over companies and corporations
presidential aides
presidential veto
press a record
press your shirts
press your thumb on this spot
pressed flowers
pressed hard on the lever
pressor reflexes
pressure causes plantar warts to develop a painful callus around the soft center
pressure-wash the house
pressurize a space suit
presumably, he missed the train
presumptive evidence
preteen clothing
pretend the title of King
pretending she is on an intimate footing with those she slanders
pretty bad
pretty big
pretty girl
pretty girls like plain friends as foils
pretty if not actually beautiful
pretty room
pretty song
prevailing winds
preventive medicine
prewar levels of industrial production
priapic episodes
priapic figurines
priapic victories
price is a function of supply and demand
price programs became unstuck because little grain was available
prices are down
prices are exorbitantly high in the capital
prices are seasonally adjusted
prices at an all-time high
prices at unrealistic high levels
prices climbed steeply
prices have gone sky-high
prices have gone up far too high
prices plunged downward
prices remained flat
prices rose sharply
prices skyrocketed
prices slumped
prices soared upwards
prices were lower back then
priestly (or sacerdotal) vestments
priestly dedication to the people of his parish
prima ballerina
prima donna
primal eras before the appearance of life on earth
primary colors can add interest to a room
primary goals
primary sources
prime a cannon
prime a car engine
prime a mine
prime beef
prime mover
prime number
primed for a fight
primitive art such as that by Grandma Moses is often colorful and striking
primitive living conditions in the Appalachian mountains
primitive mammals
primitive movies of the 1890s
primitive societies
primordial forms of life
primordial matter
prince-regent
princely manner
princes of the blood royal
principled pragmatism and unprincipled expediency
principles of unvarying validity
print the negative
printable language
printers once kept the type for capitals and for small letters in separate cases; capitals were kept in the upper half of the type case and so became known as upper-case letters
prismatic form
prismatic light
prisoners in chains
pristine mountain snow
private airplanes are a rich man's toy
private discussions
private family matters
private lessons
private property
privately, she thought differently
privileged information
privy to inner knowledge
privy to the details of the conspiracy
prize carnations
proactive inhibition
proactive interference
probabilistic quantum theory
probably was so masted when she set forth
probation is part of the sentencing process
probationary employees
probe an anthill
problems of this type are very difficult to solve
problems similar to mine
problems that call for bold not timid responses
problems unattended with danger
procedural inexperience created difficulties
proceed by more and more detailed analysis to the molecular facts of perception
proceeded thence directly to college
proceedings were delayed by wordy disputes
process a loan
process cheese
process hair
process iron
process the applicants
processed cheeses are easy to spread
processed ores
processional cross
processional music
processions were forbidden
proconsular offices
prodigal in their expenditures
prodigal praise
produce a movie
produce a new play
produced a better mousetrap
produced supplementary volumes
produced...the common cloths used by the poorer population
producing the A-bomb was a challenge to the technical people of this country
producing wheat under extensive conditions
production of furniture remained largely unmechanized
production was up in the second quarter
productive farmland
products encased in leatherette
profane the name of God
profane utterances against the Church
profane words
professional actors and athletes
professional conduct
professional equipment for his new office
professional ethics
professional football
professional occupations include medicine and the law and teaching
professional organizations
professional theater
professional training
professional women have developed an old boy network of their own
professionally trained staff
professorial demeanor
professors arrayed in robes
professors robed in crimson
profit is the be-all and end-all of business
profitable speculation on the stock market
profits were distributed unevenly
profits were enhanced by a fortuitous drop in the cost of raw materials
profound contempt
profound regret
profound religious impulses
profound social changes
program the 80th birthday party
progressing in severity as though a cascade of genetic damage was occurring
progressive euchre
progressive paralysis
progressive schools
progressive tournaments
prohibition of unrestricted intercorporate stockholding
project a missile
prolapsed rectum
prolong the treatment of the patient
promised to abolish forced labor
promises kept
promising playwrights...sure-handed enough to turn out top-drawer scripts
promissory note
promotional exams
promotional fares
prompted by malign motives
pronominal reference
proof dough
proof positive
proof the materials against shrinking in the dryer
proof yeast
propagate sound or light through air
propagate these characteristics
propellant fuel for submarines
proper manners
proper medical treatment
proper toasting should brown both sides of a piece of bread
properly accoutered for the trip
properly labeled luggage
properly speaking, they are not husband and wife
property held in common
prophetic powers
prophetic texts so enigmatic that their meaning has been disputed for centuries
prophetic writings
propitious gales speeded us along
propitious omens
proportionate representation of a minority group
propulsive coefficient
prospect a job
prospective earnings
prospects were bleak
protect...from unmeritorious criticism
protected from the bruising facts of battle
protective coatings
protective of his reputation
protective tariffs
proteins are composed of various proportions of about 20 common amino acids
proterozoic life forms
protons are positive
protons, neutrons, electrons and all their exotic variants
protracted negotiations
protractile muscle
proud alpine peaks
proud of her tall stalwart son
proud of her well-clothed family
proud of their child
proud parents
proud princes
proud to serve his country
prove a will
provide for the proper care of the passengers on the cruise ship
provided them with all things needful
providential care
providentially the weather remained good
providently, he had saved up some money for emergencies
providing a factual framework for future research
providing a secure and sometimes happy life for the retarded
providing the ground soldier with increasingly potent weapons
provincial government
provincially controlled
provocative Irish tunes which...compel the hearers to dance
proximate houses
proximate words
prudent hesitation
prudent rulers
prurient literature
prurient thoughts
prying eyes
pseudo-scientific gobbledygook and pontifical hooey
pseudoclassic
psychedelic drugs like psilocybin and mescaline
psychiatric disorder
psychiatric hospital
psychic energy
psychic phenomena
psychic trauma
psychoactive drugs
psychoanalytic treatment
psychological theories
psychological warfare
psychologically similar but materially different
psychometric journals
psychopharmacologists discovered that amine reuptake is a process that inactivates monoamine neurotransmitters
psychotherapeutic sessions
pubic bones
pubic hair
public confidence and governmental morale
public confidence in the economy
public figures struggle to maintain a private life
public finance...had long presented problems unsolvable or at least unsolved
public funds
public gardens
public interest and a policy deriving therefrom
public libraries
public opinion to the contrary he is not guilty
public opinion turned when it was revealed that the president had an affair with a White House intern
public parks
publicly financed schools
publicly provided medical care
publish a magazine or newspaper
published accounts
publishers reduced print runs to cut down the cost of warehousing
puddle iron
puddle young plants
puddled mire
pudendal nerve
puerile breathing
puerile jokes
puff a cigar
puff sleeves
puffed out chests
puffy off-shore winds
puffy tumid flesh
pugnacious spirits...lamented that there was so little prospect of an exhilarating disturbance
pukka quarters with a swarm of servants
pukka sahib
pulchritudinous movie stars
pull a bank robbery
pull a chicken
pull a horse
pull a sled
pull one's horse to a stand
pull out a gun
pull the ball
pull the cooked chicken into strips
pull the oars
pull the old soup cans from the supermarket shelf
pull the string gently
pull the tab to open the can
pull the trigger of the gun
pull weeds
pull your knees towards your chin
pull your thoughts together
pulled by a yoke of oxen
pulmonary disease
pulp fruit
pulp wood
pulse waves
pulseless and dead
pulverize the grains
pulverized sugar is prepared from granulated sugar by grinding
pump bullets into the dummy
pump the gas pedal
punch-drunk with love
punctilious in his attention to rules of etiquette
punctual payment
punctuation errors ascribable to careless proofreading
puncture a hole
puncture a tire
puncture an air balloon
pungent satire
punishable offenses
punishments...essentially vindictive in their nature
punitive damages
punitive justice
punting is an important part of the game
puny excuses
purchasable goods
pure air and water
pure and vestal modesty
pure as the driven snow
pure folly
pure gold
pure oxygen
pure primary colors
pure science
pure tones
pure water is uncolored
puree the vegetables for the baby
purgatorial fires
purgatorial rites
purge the old gas tank
purge the water
purge your mind
purification through repentance
purify the water
puritanic distaste for alcohol
purple tyrant
purposive behavior
purse ones's lips
pursuant to our agreement
pursuant to the dictates of one's conscience
pursue a hobby
pursued his own path...undeterred by lack of popular appreciation and understanding
push back the urge to smoke
pushed all doubts away
pushed back her tangled hair
pushed the deadline ahead from Tuesday to Wednesday
pushing talented students ahead
put down 5 and carry 2
put her sewing aside when he entered
put his dirty feet on the clean sheet
put honesty first in her hierarchy of values
put inappropriate pressure on them
put it off to another (or some other) day
put my ideas forth
put on special buses for the big game
put on the tea, please!
put out a pickup on that man
put something by for her old age
put ten dollars down on the necklace
put that box out of the way so that no one trips on it
put the cover back on the kettle
put the flag back in the cup
put the helm alee
put the kettle on the fire
put the plans into effect quickly and smoothly
put the ships into commission
put the toys away
put these words to music
put things right
put up a gallant resistance to the attackers
put up a good fight
put your books on top of the desk
put your ideas in writing
putrid decomposition
putting them in readiness
putty the window sash
puzzled that she left without saying goodbye
pyrogenic strata
pyrotechnic keyboard virtuosity
pyrotechnic smokes
pyrrhic dance movements
pyrrhic verses
quadratic equation
quadruple rhythm has four beats per measure
quadruplex wire
quadruplicate the bill
quaggy terrain
quail are hunted either afoot or on horseback
quaint dialect words
quaint streets of New Orleans, that most foreign of American cities
qualify these remarks
qualitative analysis determines the chemical constituents of a substance or mixture
qualitative change
qualitative data
quality paper
quality sets it apart
quantitative analysis determines the amounts and proportions of the chemical constituents of a substance or mixture
quantitative studies
quarks have not been observed directly but theoretical predictions based on their existence have been confirmed experimentally
quarrels and dissensions ensued among the cast, most of whom hurriedly and shamefacedly handed over their parts to understudies
quarrelsome when drinking
quarry marble
quartan malaria
quarter an apple
quarterback is the most important position on the team
quarterly report
quartz crystal is perfectly crystallized
quaternate leaves
queenly propriety
quell my hunger
quench a rebellion
quench steel
quench the flames
questionable motives
quibbling over doctrinal minutiae
quick of foot
quick-freeze the shrimp
quick-sighted as a cat
quick-sighted into the faults of the time
quick-witted debater
quiet peace-loving people
quiet the dragons of worry and fear
quiet: an antipode to focused busyness
quilt the skirt
quinine is a specific for malaria
quinine is bitter
quinine is highly specific for malaria
quite a film
quite a walk
quite ill
quite rich
quite soon
quite stunning with large dark eyes and a beautiful high-bosomed figure
quite tasty
quite the opposite
quite the rage
quivering leaves of a poplar tree
quote prices for cars
rabbinical school
rabid isolationist
race from a standing start
racial differences
racial discrimination
racial groups
racially integrated
racily vernacular language
racism is a pestilence at the heart of the nation
racist remarks
rack a camera
rack leather
rack one's brains
rack pool balls
rack wine
racy anecdotes
radial heat
radial symmetry
radial velocity
radial-ply tires
radiation from relativistic particles
radical leaves
radical opinions on education
radical political views
radio waves received here on Earth
radioactive decay
radioactive fallout
radioactive isotope
radioactively labeled
radiochemistry
radiolucent tissues
radiosensitive cancer cells can be treated with radiotherapy
raft these logs
raft wood down a river
rag ore
rag that old tune
rail in the old graves
rail off the crowds from the Presidential palace
railroad the West
rain and high winds covered the region
rain caught them unawares
rain during the middle of April
rain is likely
rain put a damper on our picnic plans
rain stopped play in the 4th inning
rain was a logical expectation, given the time of year
rain, snow and sleet were falling
rain-washed
raindrops caught in a sunbeam seem to opalesce
rainfall in the tropics is notoriously variable
rainless skies
rainy days
raise Cain
raise a family
raise a mutiny
raise a protest
raise a sad cry
raise a shout
raise a siege
raise a smile
raise an army
raise from the dead
raise hell
raise my salary
raise the price of bread
raise the question of promotions
raise the roof
raise the specter of unemployment
raise your `o'
raised a speculative eyebrow
raised edges
raised eyebrows
raised metalwork
raised needlework
raised serious objections to the proposal
raised temperature
raising blazes
rake gravel
rake leaves
ram the gate with a sledgehammer
rambling forest paths
ramp up security in the airports
rampant aggression
ran a negative campaign
ran along beside me
ran as fast as he could
ran away from the lion
ran in wolflike packs
ran like sin for the storm cellar
ran quickly, her flaring coat behind her
ran slap into her
ran square into me
ran wide around left end
rancid bacon
rancid butter
random movements
range of motion
range the animals in the prairie
rank earth
rank jungle vegetation
rank treachery
rap enjoys universal appeal among teenage boys
rap him on the knuckles
rapid momentaneous association of things that meet and pass
rapt with wonder
raptorial birds
raptorial claws and bill for seizing prey
rare books
rare gasses
rare herbs
rare patches of green in the desert
rare roast beef
raring to go
raspberries are aggregate fruits
rather degage after the nervousness he had shown at dinner
rather primitively operated foundries
rather than disappoint the children, he did two quick tricks before he left
rational behavior
rational numbers
rational thought
rationalist philosophy
rationalize the child's seemingly crazy behavior
rattled off the facts in a dry mechanical manner
ravening creditors
ravening wolves
ravenous as wolves
raves are very popular in Berlin
raving mad
raw beauty
raw data
raw fury
raw recruits
raw sewage
raw sugar
raw talent
raw wood
raw wool
rays...streaming perpetually from the sun
razor-sharp definition
razorback hogs
re-afforest the area that was burned during the fighting
re-create a picture by Rembrandt
re-examine one's witness
re-write a play for use in schools
reached an impasse on the negotiations
reaching the crest was a real clamber
reacted to the crisis with listless resignation
read about mountain climbing and felt vicarious excitement
read the advertisement
read the bedtime story in a hypnotic voice
read the book clear to the end
read the fine print
read the manual at your leisure
read this book through
readers unconcerned with style
readily accessible to the nonprofessional reader
readiness to continue discussions
reading disability
reading matter that is both recreational and mentally stimulating
ready for action
ready for use
ready to learn to read
ready to take a new direction
ready-made clothes
ready-made phrases
ready-to-wear clothes
real blood-and-guts fiction
real humility
real income
real life
real objects
real people; not ghosts
real prices
real property consists of land and buildings
real wages
real war
realistic portraiture
reality provides the jumping-off point for his illusions
realizable benefits of the plan
really, you shouldn't have done it
ream a hole
ream oranges
reaping the rewards of generosity
rearrange the furniture in my room
reasonable prices
reasonless hostility
reassured by her praise he pressed on
rebate the pieces of timber and stone
rebuff the attack
recalculation yielded a much larger value
recall the defective auto tires
recapture the escaped prisoner
receive a gift
receive injuries
receive letters from the front
receive payment
receive the incoming radio signals
received a hefty bonus
received an unmerited honorary degree
received confirmed reports of casualties
received failing grades
received raw treatment from his friends
received standard English is sometimes called the King's English
recent buds on the apple trees
recent developments in Iraq
recent federal action undermined the segregationist position
recent graduates
receptionists' telephones are always engaged
receptive to reason and the logic of facts
receptive to the proposals
recess lights
recess the piece of wood
recharge a battery
reciprocal aid
reciprocal privileges at other clubs
reciprocal trade
recission may be brought about by decree or by mutual consent
recite a poem
recited the decree with an important air
reckless squandering of public funds
reclaim falcons
reclassify the documents
recognize an academic degree
recognized the utopian nature of his hopes
recommended one book in particular
reconstruct the events of 20 years ago
reconstructive surgery
record is made of `registered mail' at each point on its route to assure safe delivery
record-breaking crowds
recorded holders of a stock
recorded music
recover a chair
recoverable truth of a past event
recovery was synchronous with therapy
recovery was uneventful
recreational golfers
recriminatory arguments
recruit new soldiers
recruits suited in green
rectal cancer
rectifiable wrongs
rectify a curve
rectify alternating current
rectify the calculation
rectify the inequities in salaries
rectilinear patterns in wallpaper
recuperate one's losses
recuperative powers
red and gold are the characteristic colors of autumn
red flashes adorned the airplane
red-breasted sandpiper
red-eyed
red-faced and violent
red-hot information
red-ink the area that is restricted
reddened faces around the campfire
redeemable goods in a pawnshop
redeemable stocks and bonds
redemptive (or redeeming) love
redeposit a cheque
redirect your attention to the danger from the fundamentalists
redistribute the troops more strategically
redistributed industries
reduce a problem to a single question
reduce an image
reduce one's standard of living
reduce the influx of foreigners
reduce your daily fat intake
reduced to a microscopic scale
reduced to nil all the work we had done
reducible to a set of principles of human nature
reducing staff is difficult because our employees include no supernumeraries
reductionist arguments
reef the sailboat's mast
reefy shallows
reestablish peace in the region
reeve a rope
reeve an opening
refer a bill to a committee
refer a patient to a specialist
refer to your notes
reference to an encyclopedia produced the answer
refill my glass, please
refine a design or pattern
refine a method of analysis
refine oil
refine one's style of writing
refine paper stock
refine pig iron
refine sugar
refine the constant in the equation
refined oil
refined people with refined taste
refined sugar
refinish the dining room furniture
reflate the balloon
reflected glory
reflected heat
reflected light
reflection from the ceiling provided a soft indirect light
refloat a grounded boat
refloating the ship proved impractical because of the expense
refloating the sunken ship proved impracticable because of its fragility
refocus the image until it is very sharp
reform a political system
reform gas
reform oil
reform the health system in this country
reform your conduct
reform, in fact, is, rather feebly, on the win
reformative and rehabilitative agencies
reformatory punishment
refract a light beam
refrigerate this medicine
refrigerated carriers have revolutionized the grocery business
refrigeration by immersing the patient's body in a cold bath
refrigeration delayed the softening of the fruit
refused to accept the extended hand
refused to be fazed by the objections
regal attire
regarded her questioner with clear untroubled eyes
regarded literary questions as exigent and momentous
regenerate by redemption from error or decay
regenerate hatred
regenerating fibers
regiment one's children
regiment soldiers
regimental units
regional flora
regional stereotypes have been part of America since its founding
regionally governed
regions of outer space
regions rich in vegetal products
register for an election
registered bonds
regretful over mistakes she had made
regrettable remarks
regular bus departures
regular duties
regular exercise resulted in the re-establishment of his endurance
regular features
regular meals
regular students
regularize the heart beat with a pace maker
regularly gives short weight
regularly shaped objects
regulate the temperature
regulation army equipment
regulations for the governing of state prisons
rehabilitative exercises
rehabilitative treatment
reharmonize the melody
rein a horse
reinforced concrete contains steel bars or metal netting
reinsurance enables a client to get coverage that would be too great for any one company to assume
rejected what was regarded as an overhasty plan for reconversion
rejection of the transplanted liver
rejective or overcritical attitudes of disappointed parents
rejoicing crowds filled the streets on VJ Day
rekindle her love
rekindle hopes
related to micelle formation is the...ability of detergent actives to congregate at oil-water interfaces
relations were cool and polite
relatively small groups can sometimes exert immense political leverage
relativistic increase in mass
relativistic quantum mechanics
relax the tension on the rope
relaxed and unexacting standards
release a hormone into the blood stream
release the holdings in the dictator's bank account
release the list with the names of the prisoners
released the prisoner for humanitarian reasons
relentless persecution
relevant testimony
reliable information
reliable workers are generally unsupervised
relics of a departed era
relief was instantaneous
relieve the pressure and the stress
religions in all parts of the world
religious attitude
religious iconography
religious in observing the rules of health
religious texts
religious training in a nonsectarian atmosphere
religiously inspired art
reline the paper
relinquish the old ideas
relinquish your grip on the rope--you won't fall
reluctant to help
relying upon an extraneous income
remained calm throughout the uproar
remained conscious during the operation
remained placid despite the repeated delays
remained stupidly inarticulate and saying something noncommittal
remained unsuspected as the head of the spy ring
remarkably unbitter toward her captors
remarks disrespectful of the law
remarks that were to the point
remediable problems
remedial education
remedial surgery
remedy his illness
remedy these deficiencies
remember me in your prayers
remiss of you not to pay your bills
remit $25
remorse was cancerous within him
remote and unsounded caverns
remote stars
remount a regiment
removable partitions
removal of the central post left the roof unsupported
remove a case to another court
remove a threat
remove a wrapper
remove postoperatively
removed the unwanted vegetation
removing the object will intransitivize the verbs
remunerative work
renal calculi can be very painful
render a verdict
render fat in a casserole
render money
render thanks
render the brick walls in the den
render the town to the enemy
render up the prisoners
render-set the walls so they'll look nice and smooth
rendered the bomb harmless
rendered with...vivid sculptural effect
renegade supporters of the usurper
renewable energy such as solar energy is theoretically inexhaustible
renewable subscriptions
renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales
rent payable in advance constitutes an annuity in advance for the landlord
rental agreement
rental charges
repair an oversight
reparable damage to the car
repeated copying leads to a multiplication of errors
repeated hitting raised a large bruise
repeated scrubbings have given the wood a silvery sheen
repeated shutdowns and startups are expensive
repeated the order accurately
repeated their dialog verbatim
repeaters can be used in computer networks to extend cabling distances
repeating threadbare jokes
repel the attacker
repel the enemy
repellently fat
repetitive movement
replace the book on the shelf after you have finished reading it
replacing the star will not be easy
replacing troublemakers with more submissive people
replay a point
replicate the cell
replied offhand, his mind a million miles away
reply-paid envelope
reply-paid postcard
reportable income
reported the machine operationally satisfactory
reporters dug into the candidate's past
reporters took potshots at the mayor
reports began to dribble in
representational art
representational images
representative government as defined by Abraham Lincoln is government of the people, by the people, for the people
representative moviegoers
repress a cry of fear
repressed rage turned his face scarlet
reproduce sexually
reproduce the painting
repudiate a debt
repulsive behavior
requesting new powers of surveillance is just a smokescreen to hide their failures
requests for character references are all too often answered evasively
requests that grew more and more imperative
required reading
rescue party went to their aid
rescue prisoners
reseal the bottle after using the medicine
research-intensive
reseat Carnegie Hall
reseat the old broken chair
resentful at the way he was treated
resentment flared at such an unmannered intrusion
reserve me a seat on a flight
reserved and cautious; never making swift decisions
reset instruments and dials
reship the cargo
resident aliens
residential zoning
residual quantity
resign a claim to the throne
resignedly, I telegraphed back that it was all right with me if he insisted
resinated wine
resistant to persuasion
resistant to the effects of heat
resistive load
resistless hostages
resourcefully he mingled music and dance
respect and humanistic regard for all members of our species
respect for a well-read man
respect for law which every right-minded citizen ought to have
respectful behavior
respiratory activity
respiratory assistance
responsibility turned the spoiled playboy into a driving young executive
responsible for the highness of the rates
responsible journalism
responsive reading
rest assured
restaurants of bizarre design--one like a hat, another like a rabbit
restorative effects of exercise
restore law and order
restore the emperor to the throne
restore the forest to its original pristine condition
restored the house to its original condition
restrained in his response
restraints imposed on imports
restrict the use of this parking lot
result in tragedy
resume a title
resume an office
resume one's duties
resurgent nationalism
resuspend particles
retained a few bulls for breeding purposes
retell a story
retie the string and make it strong enough now
retinal cells
retirement meant dropping out of a whole network of people who had been part of my life
retouch the roots
retractable landing gear
retracted his original statement
retraction of the foreskin
retread an old plot
retribution is at hand
retributive justice
retributive justice demands an eye for an eye
retrieve the car from the parking garage
retrieved his named from her jolted memory
retro pay
retroactive tax increase
retrograde arguments
retrograding planets
retrospective self-justification
retrospectively, he seems like a great artist
retroversion of the uterus
return a compliment
return a kickback
return all empties to the store
return her love
return to sender
return to your native land
returnable bottles and cans
returning the life-giving humus to the land
rev up an engine
revalue the German Mark
revamp my old boots
revenant shrieks and groans
reverberate ore
reverberations of the market crash were felt years later
revered holy men
reversible hypertension
reversibly convertible
reversionary annuity
reversionary interest
review the fighting forces
revise a thesis
revolting food
revolutionary pamphlets
revolutionary wars
rewardful pursuits
rhapsodies of joy
rheumy with age and grief
rhinoceroses were once plentiful here
rhomboidal shapes
rhymed verse
rhyming words
rhythmical prose
ribald language
ribbonlike noodles
ribonucleic acid is the genetic material of some viruses
rice the potatoes
rich black soil
rich desserts
rich in ideas
rich seams of coal
rich soil
rich with cultural interest
richy loamy soil
rick hay
rickety limbs and joints
riddle me a riddle
ride out the storm
ride rough
ride tandem on a bicycle built for two
ridge the soil
ridiculous anserine behavior
riding horses down the path in tandem
rifles exploded quick knives of fire into the dark
rig a ship
rig an election
rig prices
right a wrongs done to the victims of the Holocaust
right center field
right of search
right-handed scissors
righteous indignation
righteously indignant
rights peculiar to the rich
rigidify the training schedule
rigorous application of the law
rigorous discipline
riled no end by his lies
rim a hat
rimless glasses
ring birds
ring containment is a proven method of halting a smallpox epidemic
rioters running amuck and throwing sticks and bottles and stones
riotous living
riotous times
riparian land
ripe peaches
ripped out a vicious oath
ripped out with an oath
rise to a challenge
rise to the occasion
risible courtroom antics
rising smoke whirled in the air
risk is the reciprocal of safety
rites...so ancient that they well might have had their unwritten origins in Aurignacian times
ritual killing
rituals totally mystifying to visitors from other lands
rivaling a hawk in directness of aim
rivers filled to overflowing by melted snow
rivers well stocked with fish
roadless areas
roads and trees glazed with an icy film
roads are slickest when rain has just started and hasn't had time to wash away the oil
roads that lead therefrom
roaming wild
roaring drunk
roast beef au jus
roast the turkey
robots are in use throughout industry
robots can be on the job day and night
rock fracture and rock flowage are different types of geological deformation
rock is a generic term for the range of styles that evolved out of rock'n'roll.
rock music appeals to the young
rock that is permeable by water
rock the baby
rock the cradle
rock-ribbed republican
rockets were much too fractious to be tested near thickly populated areas
rocks and trees...the actual world
rocks formed by igneous agents
rocky fields
rode the lift up and skied down
roiled by the delay
roll a cigarette
roll out the big map
roll out the paper
roll over a loan
roll up a banner
roll your hair around your finger
rolling drums
romantic novels were her escape from the stress of daily life
romantic poetry
romp a race
roofed picnic areas
room and board
room for improvement
room to pass
roominess in this size car is always a compromise
root out corruption
rooted and ascendant strength like that of foliage
rope cows
rope the bag securely
ropey food
rosin the violin bow
rosy predictions
rosy-fingered
rotary dial
rotational inertia
rote memorization has been the educator's standard operating procedure for centuries
rotted beams
rotten floor boards
rouged cheeks
rough blankets
rough carpentry
rough gemstones
rough ground
rough manners
rough seas
rough skin
rough weather
rough-and-tumble politics
rough-dry the laundry
rough-edged leaves
rough-hew stone or timber
rough-hewn stone
rough-sand the door before painting it
roughcast a wall
roughen the surfaces so they will stick to each other
roughly $3,000
round and round, while meditatively, as a cow chewing the cud, he let his eyes rest on the flat water ahead of him
round off the amount
round the bend
round the edges
round up some loyal followers
round-arm bowling
round-bottom flasks
rounded shoulders
rounding up vagrants and drunks and other undesirables
roused him from his kip
rout out the fighters from their caves
roving vagabonds
row the boat across the lake
rowdy teenagers
rows of barbed wire protected the trenches
rows of identical houses
rows of shining glasses
rub my hands
rub oil into her skin
rubber trees are usually cultivated in plantations
rubber-soled
rubberize fabric for rain coats
rubbishy newspapers that form almost the sole reading of the majority
rudely unaccommodating to the customers
rudimentary plans
rudimentary wings
ruffle somebody's composure
ruffle the curtain fabric
ruffle the surface of the water
rugae of the stomach
rugged ground
rugs lying askew
ruined the family's good name
ruinously high wages
rule one's temper
rule the margins
rules imposed by society
rules inapplicable to day students
rules with specific application
rumbling thunder
ruminant mammals
ruminants have remarkable powers of rumination
run a new program on the Mac
run a process
run a risk
run a subject
run a temperature
run amok
run an errand
run counter
run ragged
run riot
run rogue
run the dogs
run through your presentation before the meeting
run up a skirt
run-of-the-mill boxing
runaway inflation
runic inscription
running a restaurant is quite an operation
running and leaping like a herd of pursued antelopes
running at full stretch
running downhill, he gained a lot of speed
running into an old friend summoned up memories of her childhood
running is very aerobic
running on the ice is inadvisable
running pell-mell up the stairs
running plays worked better than pass plays
rupestral drawings in the caves of Northern Spain
rural electrification
rural free delivery
rural people
rural people show more devotion and unselfishness than do their urban cousins
rural students often come from nonverbal backgrounds
rust remover
rust-proofed automobiles
rusted hinges
rustic awkwardness
rustic farmers
rustic stone walls
rustic tranquility
rusticate the house in the country
rustle cattle
rustling silk
rusty deposits
rutty farm roads
sabbatical research project
sacerdotal emphasis on the authority of priests
sacral laws
sacred and profane music
sacred bread and wine
sacred elephants
sacred music
sacred rites
sacred texts
sacrificial lamb
sad and misty-eyed
sad news
saddle the horses
saddled and spurred and ready to ride
sadly he died before he could see his grandchild
sadomasochistic sexual practices
safety protocols
said all the wrong things
said party has denied the charges
sail flat against the wind
sailed the austral seas
sailing close to the wind
sailing is her favorite pastime
salacious limericks
salaried employment
salaried members of the staff
salaried workers
salaries agreeable with current trends
salaries are paid semimonthly
sale merchandise is nonreturnable
saleable at a low price
sales of luxury cars dropped markedly
salient traits
saliferous formations
salinated solution
salivary gland
salmon roe is marketed as analogous to caviar
salt domes
salt scorn
salt water
salty language
salty tears
salvaged some thrown-away furniture
salvation by deeds
same old story
sameness of purpose kept them together
sanctified wine
sanctify the marriage
sanction buster
sand drifting like snow
sand of a fine grain
sandblast the facade of the building
sandpaper the wooden surface
sane nuclear policy
sang as sweetly as a nightingale
sanitary conditions for preparing food
sanitation is the best defense against disease
sanitize a document before releasing it to the press
sanitize history
sanitize the language in a book
saponified oils
saponify oils and fats
sapphire eyes
sappy kindling wood
sappy maple trees
sat close together in the sequestered pergola
sat completely still, sick with envy
sat far away from each other
sat on a fallen tree trunk
sat on an upturned bucket
satanic cruelty
satellites in orbital rotation
satiny gardenia petals
satire is an intellectual weapon
satisfactory living conditions
satisfied with easy answers
satisfied with the panel's determination
saturated fats
sauce the roast
saute the onions
save your pity for the living
saved an embarrassing situation with quick-witted tact
saved by the bell
saved the remaining sandwiches for supper
saving faith
savings of up to 50 percent are obtainable
savor the soup
saw a number of small houses nestled against the hillside
saw a vague outline of a building through the fog
saw many discontent faces in the room
saw many strange faces in the crowd
saw motherhood as woman's sacred calling
saw the board across the grain
saw the moon like a shiny dime on a deep blue velvet carpet
saw the selfsame quotation in two newspapers
saw wood for the fireplace
saw-toothed
say what comes uppermost
saying `I was not a little upset' when you mean `I was very upset' is an example of litotes
says he'll help me? Like hell he will!
scaffold the building before painting it
scalar quantity
scald the milk
scald tomatoes so that they can be peeled
scale fish
scale the gold
scale up the model
scalelike leaves
scalic patterns
scallop the hem of the dress
scallop the meat
scan verses
scandalous behavior
scantily clad
scarcely a ripple on the still water
scarecrows in battered hats or draggled skirts
scared the living daylights out of them
scarify seeds
scarify soil
scars defaced her cheeks
scatological literature
scatter cards across the table
scatter seeds
scattered here and yon
scattered showers
scattered thoughts
scattered villages
scenes viewed sidewise
scenic design
scenic drives
scenically stunning
scented flowers
scented soap
scentless wisps of straw
scheduled for the 6th prox
schematically outlined
schismatic sects
schizophrenic patients
scholarly pursuits
scholastic philosophy
scholastic year
scholastically apt
school-related activities
schoolboyish pranks
schools were the worst hit by government spending cuts
schoolwide support for the team
sciatic nerve
science as it was then taught
science eroded the pillars of superstition
science has been blamed for the dehumanization of modern life
science has emptied the spirit world of its former inhabitants
science has given us new tools to fight disease
scientific hypotheses are not facts
scientific journals
scientific theories must be falsifiable
scientists felt they were a group apart
scientists will not believe an experimental result until they have seen at least one replication
scientists' forays into politics
scintillant mica
scintillating personality
scintillating wit
scissor-tailed birds
sclerotic tissue
scoop out a melon
scoop the sugar out of the container
scopal dependency
scorbutic symptoms
scorching heat
score a penalty shot or free throw
score the SAT essays
score the clay before firing it
scored a bull's eye
scour the counter tops
scouring the entire area revealed nothing
scouting in enemy territory is very dangerous
scraggy cliffs
scramble the message so that nobody can understand it
scramblers can often unnerve a better tennis player
scrap the old airplane and sell the parts
scrap your old computer
scratch and scrimp
scratch out my name on that list
scratch that meeting--the chair is ill
scratch that remark
scrawny cattle
screaming colors and designs
screaming dementedly
screaming headlines
screamingly funny
screen a film
screen off this part of the room
screen savers prevent the damage that occurs when the same areas of light and dark are displayed too long
screen the blood for the HIV virus
screen the job applicants
screen the suitcases
screen these samples
screw up one's face
scribbling block
scrotal mammals
scrotal testes
scrubby cut-over pine
scrupulous attention to details
scuba diving is provided as a diversion for tourists
scuffed shoes
scull the boat
sculpt a swan out of a block of ice
sculptural embellishments
sculpture in contradistinction to painting
sculpture is a form of art
sculptured representations
scythe grass or grain
seafaring vessels
seagrass provides a protective environment in which young fish can develop
seal the letter
seal the windows
sealed orders
sealed the deal with the customary handshake
sealing dooms
seam a dress
seamless stockings
search as he would, the memory was lost
searched for the child far and near
searched high and low
searching for two escaped prisoners
searching insights
seasonable clothes
seasonal adjustments for housing starts must be made in mid-winter
seasonal labor
seasoned wood
seat a concert hall
seat belts are an absolute must
seat the camera on the tripod
seated sidelong to the window
seated with arms crossed
second flute
second place was no consolation to him
second, we must consider the economy
second-class accommodations
secondarily affected
secondary streams
secret (or private) thoughts
secret guilty deeds
secret ingredients
secret messages
secret missions
secret operatives and darkling conspiracies
secret sales of arms
secret talks
secrete digestive juices
sectarian differences
sectarian squabbles in psychology
sectional drawings
sectional tensions arose over slavery
sectionalize a country
sectioned plates
sections from the left ventricle showed diseased tissue
secular architecture
secular drama
secure from harm
securing adequate funding is a time-consuming proposition
security guards restrained the reporter from throwing another shoe
sedate little colonial tribe with its ritual tea parties
sedimentary deposits
seduce the unwary reader into easy acquiescence
sedulous pursuit of legal and moral principles
see a movie
see above
see below
see table 1
see the rest of the winners in our huge passel of photos
see under for further discussion
see who could jump the farthest
see you anon
seed clouds
seed grapes
seeded raisins
seeded rolls
seedless grapefruit
seeds clogged together
seeds precisely adapted to the area
seeing himself trapped, he cried out direfully
seeing is believing
seek a position
seek an education
seek directions from a local
seek happiness
seek help from casual passers-by
seeking complete political separateness for Taiwan
seemed none too pleased with his dinner
seemed shaky on her feet
seemed to hear faint phantom bells
seemed unaware of the scrutiny
seemed untroubled by doubts of any kind
seemly and forbearing...yet strong enough to resist aggression
seemly behavior
seen from behind, the house is more imposing than it is from the front
sees itself as a fully fledged rival party
segment a compound word
segment an orange
select peaches
selenium is a photoconductive substance
self-confidence is not an endearing property
self-conscious about their roles as guardians of the social values
self-conscious awareness
self-conscious teenagers
self-imposed exile
self-induced
self-induced vomiting
self-indulgence was his only philosophy
self-knowledge
self-love that shut out everyone else
self-parody and saltiness riddled their core genre
self-proclaimed
self-proclaimed experts
self-sealing envelopes
self-sealing tires
sell holdings he has in corporations
selling the company caused an earthquake among the employees
semantic analysis
semantic tags were attached in order to identify different meanings of the word
semantically empty messages
semidark room
seminal fluid
seminal ideas of one discipline can influence the growth of another
seminiferous tubules
semiotic analysis
semiprivate room
semiskilled dockworkers
semitransparent curtains at the windows
sempiternal truth
senatorial election
send a package collect
send it to me post-haste
send me an account of what I owe
send me your latest results
send two dollars or the equivalent in stamps
sending angry letters to the papers
senior citizen
senior officer
senior professors' wives no longer make afternoon calls on newcomers
sensate creatures
sensational journalistic reportage of the scandal
senseless violence
sensible that a good deal more is still to be done
sensitive and highly unstable compounds
sensitive skin
sensitive to light
sensitive to the local community and its needs
sensitivity to pain
sensitize the photographic film
sensory channels
sensory experience
sensory neurons
sensory organs
sensual excesses
sensuously delighting in the wine and food
sent ambassadors hotfoot to the Turks
sent confusing signals to Iraq
sent flowers as a propitiatory gesture
sent the children away to boarding school
sent to jail for two years, he has quixotically refused to clear himself by betraying his colleagues
sentient of the intolerable load
sentimental soap operas
separate but equal
separate the warriors from the mass
separation of isotopes by a cascade of processes
separatism is a serious problem in Quebec
septic sewage
sepulchral inscriptions
sepulchral monuments in churches
sequestration of the jury
serene skies and a bright blue sea
serial concerts
serial killing
serial monogamy
serial music
serial processing
serial publication
serially composed music
sericultural industry
serious difficulties were encountered in obtaining a pure reagent
serrate the edges of the teeth
servants appeared at the snap of his fingers
serve the country
serve wine at normal room temperature
service my truck
serviceable equipment
serviceable low-heeled shoes
servile tasks such as floor scrubbing and barn work
servile work
sesquipedalian orators
sesquipedalian technical terms
sessile flowers
sessile marine animals and plants
set a broken bone
set a courageous example by leading them safely into and out of enemy-held territory
set a fast pace
set a lustrous example for others to follow
set a punishing pace
set a record
set aside a certain sum each week
set clocks or instruments
set down your bags here
set fire to a building
set forth one's reasons
set his collar in laic rather than clerical position
set it flush with the top of the table
set off great unrest among the people
set off in a catty-corner direction across the vacant lot
set out for the big city
set out...when the fervid heat subsides
set the clocks back an hour
set the house afire
set the record straight
set the rules
set the table
set these words in italics
set this poem to music
set up an election
set up an experiment
set up one's life
set up the pieces thus
setaceous whiskers
settle the bills
settled areas
settling a score
seven thin and ill-favored kine
seventhly, you have no right to cancel the lease in mid-year
sever a relationship
several accepted techniques for treating the condition
several different calisthenics were illustrated in the video
several letters came in the mail
several line in the report were blanked out
several matters to attend to
several of his submissions were rejected by publishers
several of the buildings were downright homely
several of the details are similar
several people were injured in the accident
several sightings of enemy troops were reported
several stranded fish in a tide pool
several substantial timber buildings
several unadjusted refugees
severe headaches are one of the side effects of the drug
severe pain
severe-looking policemen on noble horses
severe-looking policemen sat astride noble horses
severity of character
sex and the single girl
sex is a notional category, gender is a grammatical category
sexism occurs in many workplaces
sexploitation by advertisers is notorious
sexual distinctions
sexual immorality is the major reason for last year's record number of abortions
sexual orientation
sexual partners
sexual relationship dysfunction
sexual reproduction
sexual spores
sexually ambiguous
sexy clothes
sexy jokes
sexy poses
shabby furniture
shabby treatment
shade the meaning
shaded avenues
shadowy figures in the gloom
shaggily unkempt mane
shaggy rugs
shaggy untended lawns of old trees and rootbound scented flowers and shrubs
shaggy untrimmed locks
shake one's head
shake the salt out of the salt shaker
shake well before using
shall I read on?
shallow breathing
shallow people
shallow water
sham modesty
shape a figure
shape the dough
shaped concavely
shareholders don't want the company playing musical chairs with their investment
sharia is only applicable to Muslims
sharks belong to the fish family
sharp criticism
sharp winds
sharp-clawed
sharp-spoken
sharp-tongued
sharpen the knives
shatter the plate
shattering rain striking the windowpanes
shatterproof automobile windows
shave the radish
she ached all over
she achieved her goal despite setbacks
she acted accordingly
she acted illogically under the pressure
she acted intelligently in this difficult situation
she acted melodramatically when she called for help
she acted wisely when she invited her parents
she acts obsequiously toward her boss
she acts prudishly, but I wonder whether she is really all that chaste
she acts very maturely for her age
she actually spoke Latin
she adjusted the drape of her skirt
she adjusted the fan so that the airflow was directed right at her
she administers the funds
she admitted publicly to being a communist
she allocated part of the trust to her church by appointment
she alone believed him
she already had several performances to her credit
she always acts very insecurely in the presence of her father
she always arrives on time
she always behaves rather unconventionally
she always expressed herself precisely
she always felt burdened by the load of paper work
she always gets the last word
she always looked forward to the avocado season
she always takes his side, no matter how sound his argument
she always used `humankind' because `mankind' seemed to slight the women
she amassed stacks of newspapers
she and her husband are having problems
she answered him stiltedly
she answered malapropos
she answered maliciously
she answered reflexively, without thinking
she answered the judge's questions artlessly
she answered the questions reticently
she appeared totally uninterested
she applied the paint in careful strokes
she asked for money and then the fun began
she asked him impishly to come in
she asked him outright for a divorce
she asked how to avoid kissing at the end of a date
she asked the hairdresser to wave her hair
she attacked him with an outpouring of words
she awoke in the arms of her cruel undoer
she awoke to the squawk of chickens
she barely seemed to notice him
she barged into the meeting room
she beat him handily
she beat some tough competition for the number one slot
she became increasingly depressed
she became more tranquil
she began to mimic him ironically
she began to recover from her numb unresponsiveness after the accident
she behaved beastly toward her mother-in-law
she behaved insanely
she behaved very professorially
she behaves apathetically these days
she behaves ingratiatingly toward her boss
she behaves rather heartlessly toward her admirers
she believed in the importance of moral absolutes and moral certainty
she blushed guiltily as she spoke
she blushed in his presence
she bore herself loftily
she bought a lovely piece of china
she bought it for everyday wear
she bought it half-price during the sale
she bought the whole caboodle
she broke the record for the half-mile run
she brought a change in her overnight bag
she brushed her hair until it fell in lustrous auburn waves
she built her business up from scratch
she buys all these new-fangled machines and never uses them
she called for the question
she called it a day and went to bed
she called right after dinner
she came around to see me
she can drink skimmed milk but should avoid butter
she can't boil potatoes, let alone cook a meal
she cannot conduct modern pieces
she carried a capacious bag
she carried her child piggyback
she carried out the sink slops
she certainly is a hard worker
she changed her mind
she checked several points needing further work
she checks on her roses nightly
she climbed the mountain all the way
she complained about bundling the children off to school
she complained bitterly
she complained that her husband snores
she compressed her lips
she congratulated him somewhat insincerely
she consciously played with the idea of inviting them
she conveys an aura of elegance and gentility
she coops herself up in the library all day
she could have been lying comfortably in bed getting the same relief
she could hear echoes of her own footsteps
she could not come because she was too upset
she could not control her flare of rage
she could not cut the long days in the office
she could not forbear weeping
she could not talk coherently after the accident
she could peel an apple with a single long paring
she could smell the soapiness of the doctor's hands
she couldn't find anything in ready-to-wear that she liked
she couldn't shelter behind him all the time and in any case he wasn't always with her
she cracked my password
she cried out savagely
she cried with pain when the doctor inserted the needle
she criticized him scathingly
she crossed her legs
she crossed to the upstage chair forcing the lead to turn his back to the audience
she cursed her unready tongue
she danced gracefully and effortlessly
she danced the part of the Black Swan very lyrically
she danced with abandon
she dances well
she dares to dress differently from the others
she dashed out leaving the bar unattended
she declined the invitation undiplomatically
she defended herself vocally
she delayed the work that she didn't want to perform
she denounced the exposure of children to pornography
she developed a liking for gin
she did a little dance
she did a strip right in front of everyone
she did an outstanding job as Ophelia
she did her work, but she did so complainingly
she did not expect the cold reception she received from her superiors
she did the thinking while he did the writing
she did the work with great efficiency
she didn't appreciate my humor
she didn't realize the upset she caused me
she didn't want to know the sex of the foetus
she disliked fatness in herself as well as in others
she distrusts her stepmother
she does an amazing amount of work
she doesn't feel first-rate today
she doesn't like sad movies
she doesn't want to write the report, so she is stalling
she dresses dowdily
she dresses drably
she drove but well but her reckless passing of every car on the road frightened me
she e-mailed me the good news
she earned a surprising amount of money
she eased the ball-shaped doodad back into its socket
she eats too much
she edited the juiciest scenes
she edited the letters of the politician so as to omit the most personal passages
she embarked upon a new career
she emulously tried to outdo her older sister
she endured the stresses and strains of life
she enjoyed her brief taste of independence
she enjoyed the wedding vicariously
she enjoys a hike in her spare time
she entered with a great flourish
she examined the data studiously
she exercised to avoid that middle-aged spread
she expected guests to be punctual at meals
she explained her ideas verbosely
she expressed herself metaphorically
she expressed herself pithily
she faced a mountainous pile of presents still unwrapped
she fantasized romantically about eloping with her boyfriend
she feared the painfulness of childbirth
she fell into a rage and refused to answer
she fell into an uneasy sleep
she fell to pieces after she lost her work
she felt a flare of delight
she felt a stab of excitement
she felt an alarming tightness in her chest
she felt bad all over
she felt comfortable with her fiance's parents
she felt detached from the group
she felt her presence there was intrusive
she felt his contempt of her
she felt lost on the first day of school
she felt no discomfort as the dentist drilled her deadened tooth
she felt right at home
she felt she had to get out of the house
she finished the assignment in no time
she fixed her gaze on the man
she flinched when they showed the slaughtering of the calf
she followed him in his wanderings and looked after him
she forbore a snicker
she fought back madly
she fought tooth and nail
she found an old issue of the magazine in her dentist's waiting room
she found herself in a compromising situation
she frosts her hair
she gathered her shawl around her shoulders
she gave a gasp and fainted
she gave an electrifying performance
she gave an exclamation of delight
she gave him a decisive answer
she gave him a level look
she gave it a good try
she gave me a sharp dig in the ribs
she gave me a walk-through of my new duties
she gave the order to the waiter, using her hands very expressively
she gave the trophy but he made the presentation
she gets mad when you wake her up so early
she gets special (or particular) satisfaction from her volunteer work
she goes farthest in helping us
she gossips malevolently
she got a bargain at the auction
she got a job in the historical section of the Treasury
she got a reputation as a frump
she got a run in her stocking
she got through the day alertly, despite being on drugs
she graduated early
she graduated with the highest distinction
she greeted her guests joylessly
she grew up bilingually
she grew up with him in unselfconscious friendship
she grumbles when she feels overworked
she guessed the identity of his lover
she guessed wrong
she had a catchy little routine
she had a difficult delivery
she had a feeling of euphoria
she had a habit twirling the ends of her hair
she had a little money left over so she went to a movie
she had a soft spot for her youngest son
she had a tattoo just above her bellybutton
she had a very clear speech pattern
she had a warm mesmeric charm
she had adequate training
she had become irritably exact
she had been ill for months, unbeknownst to the family
she had been intimate with many men
she had been reared monolingually
she had dismissed him quite brutally, relegating him to the status of a passing fancy, or less
she had heard her fill of gossip
she had impressionistic memories of her childhood
she had jewels made of all the rarest stones
she had lived blamelessly until she met this man
she had long wavy hair
she had made these remarks offhandedly
she had many admirers
she had me cornered between the porch and her car
she had no other outlet for her feelings
she had only had four days' warning before leaving Berlin
she had previously lived in Chicago
she had rings on every finger
she had run in fear of...his evil leering eye
she had several items on her shopping list
she had shown her talents dandily
she had snags in her stockings
she had strayed from the path of conventional behavior
she had willfully deceived me
she handed me a hopeless jumble of papers
she has a glib tongue
she has a heart of gold
she has a lot of class
she has a show-stopper of a smile
she has a thing about him
she has a wealth of talent
she has already graduated
she has an eye for fresh talent
she has apparently been living here for some time
she has become submissive and subservient
she has been able to live comfortably since her husband died
she has been suffering from petit mal since childhood
she has behaved nobly
she has free agency
she has great social nous
she has no peer in the concoction of mystery stories
she has the fragile beauty of youth
she has the makings of fine musician
she has tried to diet but always ends up back at square one
she hasn't proved to be too satisfactory, actually
she hates him and vice versa
she hates me, that's about the size of it
she heard the distant toll of church bells
she heard the sigh of the wind in the trees
she held the baby in her arms
she held the child securely
she helped him as much as possible
she hit her arm heavily against the wall
she hit him unintentionally
she holds a United States passport
she hurried down the stairs fearfully
she hustled a free lunch from the waiter
she inquired indiscreetly after the state of his health
she intended her remarks to be interpreted positively
she invented a potato peeler
she invited the whole mishpocha
she is 4 years old
she is a Hollywood personality
she is a chess prodigy
she is a chronic asthmatic
she is a doctor of philosophy in physics
she is a linguistics major
she is a living doll
she is a star of screen and video
she is absolutely tops
she is addicted to chocolate
she is all too ready to accept the job
she is alone much of the time
she is always moving
she is always on time for class
she is always prompt to help her friends
she is an extremely voluble young woman who engages in soliloquies not conversations
she is an important figure in modern music
she is arguably the best
she is behaving rather sanely these days even though we know she is schizophrenic
she is clinically qualified
she is effectively his wife
she is flying to Cincinnati tonight
she is getting old and acts forgetfully
she is ignorant of quantum mechanics
she is in a deep study
she is incomparably gifted
she is liable to forget
she is likely to forget
she is no more
she is not going
she is not suitable for the position
she is ready to resign
she is related lineally to the Royal Family
she is some skier
she is someone you can really rely on when times get rough
she is studying at the moment
she is super smart
she is the daughter of old money from Massachusetts
she is the global watchdog for human rights abuses
she is the main character in the novel
she is the personification of optimism
she is the poet laureate of all lyricists
she is two years my junior
she is unassumingly skeptical of her own work
she is undeniably the most gifted student in the class
she is useless in an emergency
she is very kind at heart
she joined the party after dinner
she jotted it on a scrap of paper
she jumped up unconsciously when he entered the room
she keeps her time well occupied
she keeps herself fully occupied with volunteer activities
she keeps in line
she kept a firm hold on the railing
she kicked him in the balls and got away
she kindly overlooked the mistake
she kissed him lightly on the forehead
she kissed him passionately
she knew from the get-go that he was the man for her
she knew many repellents to his advances
she knew the poem by heart
she knotted the end of the thread
she knows him from way back
she knows this town inside out
she laid her case of destitution before him in a very moving letter
she laughed at this sexual power play and walked away
she laughed uncontrollably
she lay on the couch, her body uncomfortably twisted
she led a low spade
she led a somewhat irregular private life
she left a wake-up call for 7 a.m.
she left some of her personal effects in the house
she left the gambling table disappointedly
she lightened the load on the tired donkey
she liked the kitchen fitments
she liked the old cottage; its quaintness was appealing
she likes funky clothes
she likes the touch of silk on her skin
she likes to watch `I love Lucy' reruns
she listened to him sympathetically
she lived ascetically in a small house all by herself
she lived chastely
she lived on the other side of the street from me
she lives diagonally across the street from us
she lives here, as it were
she lives in a Chelsea mews
she lives on welfare
she loaded her shopping into the car
she longed for the comfortableness of her armchair
she looked around her
she looked around to be sure her faux pas was undetected
she looked at her father trustingly
she looked at her husband crossly
she looked at him balefully
she looked at him distrustfully
she looked at him expectantly
she looked at him inexpressively
she looked forward to her initiation as an adult
she looked haggardly out of her tent
she looked meek but had the heart of a lion
she looked offended
she looked on benevolently
she looked on this affair as a joke
she looked rearward out the window of the car
she loosened the half-hoop of diamonds on her left hand third finger and held it out to him playfully
she lost all respect for him
she loved her students almost maternally
she loved him dearly
she loved him intensely
she loved the freshness of newly baked bread
she loved the smell of roses
she made a bundle selling real estate
she made a copy of the designer dress
she made a fortunate decision to go to medical school
she made a funny
she made a graceful entree into the ballroom
she made a grand entrance
she made a grimace at the prospect
she made a lot of money writing romantic fantasies
she made a parade of her sorrows
she made certain that her engagement ring was in evidence
she made frequent mention of her promotion
she made good marks in algebra
she made gravy with a base of beef stock
she made her wishes explicit
she made the best score on compulsory figures
she made the boy brush his teeth every night
she made the classic mistake of choosing style over substance
she makes her own clothes
she managed to live rather expansively on her modest income
she married late
she married well
she may be detached or even unfeeling but at least she's not hypocritically effusive
she measured off enough material for a dress
she met the president face-to-face
she might have succeeded in her ambition, had not circumstances been in her way
she missed the pitter-patter of little feet around the house
she mistook his manly regard for love
she mixed the dough in a large basin
she mousses her hair
she moved painfully forward
she moved swiftly
she moved weightily
she moves in certain circles only
she moves rather gracelessly
she must be somewhere
she must have seen him but she gave no sign of acknowledgment
she nagged to take a vacation
she needed a fix of chocolate
she needed the pickup that coffee always gave her
she needs some fancy footwork to cover all those lies
she needs the money expressly for her patients
she never goes on blind dates
she never keeps her promises
she never lost control of herself
she nibbled daintily at her cake
she nickeled-and-dimed together a small house for her family
she nodded approvingly
she nodded her head dully
she nodded understandingly
she noted everything the teacher said that morning
she observes the hijab and does not wear tight clothing
she offered me a lifeline in my time of grief
she often has to work off-the-clock
she often has to work overtime
she packed her things and left
she paints with an assured hand
she paused for thought
she pays him back in kind
she performed the surgery successfully
she picked up a hire car at the airport and drove to her hotel
she pitied her sister acutely
she played Chopin for her opener
she played the part of Desdemona
she played the piano accompaniment cleanly
she played the role engagingly
she plays fabulously well
she plays tennis tolerably
she poured cold water on the whole idea of going to Africa
she pouted and looked at him coyly
she practiced sewing backward as well as frontward on her new sewing machine
she practices economy without being stingy
she praised and criticized him in the same breath
she praised him sincerely for his victory
she preferred the black nylon number
she prefers to ride her horse bareback
she prepared a special dish for dinner
she prepared a three course meal
she proceeded unhurriedly
she professed herself as a nun
she proposed marriage to the man she had known for only two months
she provided a redefinition of his duties
she pursued her goals ambitiously
she pushed against the wall with all her strength
she put her sewing back in the basket
she put her thoughts into words
she put the slippers under the bed neatly
she questioned the rape victim very sensitively about the attack
she quit her job cold turkey
she rallied her intellect
she ran a dance studio
she ran off with a long-distance truck driver
she reached into her bag and found a comb
she reacted unreasonably when she learned she had failed
she reads promiscuously
she reads voraciously
she recited a poem
she recognized his handwriting
she recreated the feeling of the 1920's with her stage setting
she refused to give them her Social Security number
she refused to use insinuation in order to gain favor
she regarded the food suspiciously
she regifted that ugly scarf she received from her aunt
she reigned in magisterial beauty
she rejected his advances
she remained stubbornly in the same position
she remained sublimely oblivious to the possible havoc she might have caused
she repeated `So pleased with how its going' at intervals like a mantra
she replied briefly
she reported several anonymous calls
she resolutely refused to look at him or speak to him
she retained that bold effect in her reproductions of the original painting
she returned to Alabama because she could not bear transplantation
she reviewed her achievements with pride
she rode sidesaddle
she rolled up the window when it started to rain
she rooms in an old boarding house
she rouged her cheeks
she rules the office with an iron fist
she said her son thought Hillary was a bitch
she said something to that effect
she said yes unhesitatingly
she sang melodiously
she sang movingly
she sang rather shrilly
she sat astride the chair
she sat on the edge of the bed
she sat on the jury
she satisfied his need for affection
she scored unimpressively low in the first round of the competition
she screamed blue murder
she screamed furiously at her tormentors
she screamed hysterically when she heard the news
she scrubbed the floors of the new apartment zestfully
she searched the table for omissions
she seemed to make a point of being unfashionably dressed
she seems to avoid much in the way of recognition or acknowledgement of feminist work prior to her own
she sent unruly pupils to see the principal
she separated the whites from the yolks of several eggs
she served a creamy sort of dessert thing
she served coffee with great stateliness
she served us underdone bacon and burnt biscuits
she sets a fine table
she shook his hand excitedly
she shot him an impatient side-glance
she shouted triumphantly
she shrugged her shoulders abjectly
she shrugged indifferently
she shut her dazzled eyes against the sun's brilliance
she sings rather unmelodiously
she sings terribly
she skirted the problem
she slashed her wrists
she sleeps around
she smiled at him innocently
she smiled at him seductively
she smiled at him tantalizingly
she smiled coquettishly
she smiled softly
she smiled suggestively
she smoothed the mussiness of the bed
she sneered at her little sister's efforts to play the song on the piano
she sneered her contempt
she snorted her disapproval of the proposed bridegroom
she soaked the etching in an acid bath
she soaks up foreign languages like a sponge
she sold the plates by the piece
she solved the problem creatively
she speaks French fluently
she spends her time frivolously enjoying the easy life of a rich and spoiled girl
she spent a restful night at home
she spoke authoritatively
she spoke breathlessly
she spoke feelingly of her early childhood
she spoke in no uncertain terms
she spoke inaudibly low
she spoke lispingly
she spoke loudly and angrily
she spoke of him contemptuously
she spoke poignantly
she spoke quietly to the child
she spoke reminiscently of her days in college
she spoke satirically
she spoke to her children fondly
she spoke to him reprovingly
she spoke with authority
she sprawled out luxuriously on the sofa
she stared at him blankly
she started spring-cleaning on April 1
she started studying snakes in earnest
she started to speak but he gave her the high sign
she stated her intentions unequivocally
she stayed longest
she stayed until his death
she stepped mincingly over the puddles
she stood on the left
she stood there akimbo
she stood there ironing
she struck a goldmine
she struck her head on the low ceiling
she struggled to overcome her handicap and won
she struggled to restrain her impatience at the delays
she studied the phenomenon cross-linguistically
she swooped gracefully
she tackled the job lickety-split
she takes a dig at me every chance she gets
she takes good care of her man
she talked and he dozed and my mind went on autopilot
she talked at length about the problem
she taunted him mordaciously
she tempered her criticism
she tends to make a big production out of nothing
she thinks she has no soul, no interior life, but the truth is that she has no access to it
she thought otherwise
she threw a beautiful teapot
she threw a tantrum
she threw him over offhandedly without even a Dear-John letter
she threw shafts of sarcasm
she threw the invitation away
she tired of his perpetual sadness
she told a funny story
she told him off in spades
she told the joke deadpan
she took a radically different approach
she took advantage of his absence to meet her lover
she took all his criticism in stride
she took copious notes
she took forever to write the paper
she took her comps in English literature
she took it philosophically
she topped her class every year
she tossed the moldy bread into the garbage
she treated her husband bestially
she treated him charitably
she treated most men with offhand contempt
she tried again
she tried half-heartedly
she tried ineffectually to light the primus, and Thomas came to help her
she tried to keep her children off the street
she tried to think of some killer of an argument, a real zinger that would disarm all opposition
she tried to win his heart with her many attentions
she tried unsuccessfully to persuade him to buy a new car
she turned chalky white
she turned her writing skills to good account
she turned the pages of the music as he played
she turned the shirt inside out
she unites charm with a good business sense
she unscrupulously uses her charm to make men do what she wants
she used a different color for the trim
she used an eye dropper to administer medication to the eyes
she used rolling r's as in Spanish
she used to be his best friend and now they are enemies
she ventured cautiously downstairs
she visited her aunt weekly
she visited him briefly
she wailed with pain
she walked briskly in the cold air
she walked lightsomely down the long staircase
she walked to a point where she could survey the whole street
she walks less than she should
she wan not ready to put the brakes on her life with a marriage
she wanted neither favor nor despite
she wanted to go; that was for sure
she wanted to quit her job but her mother told her not to go off half-cocked
she was Mama's chosen
she was a blonde bombshell
she was a dancer once
she was a deceitful scheming little thing
she was a diamond in the rough
she was a statuesque redheaded eyeful
she was a surpassingly beautiful woman
she was a well of information
she was able to program her computer
she was accused of worse things than cheating and lying
she was adequate to the job
she was adversely affected by the new regulations
she was afflicted by the death of her parents
she was afoot when I saw her this morning
she was afraid that her bloomers might have been showing
she was always soft-spoken
she was an albatross around his neck
she was an elfin creature--graceful and delicate
she was an experimenter in new forms of poetry
she was an invitation to trouble
she was annoyingly lackadaisical and impractical
she was anything but puritanical in her behavior
she was atypically quiet
she was becomingly dressed
she was being sharply questioned
she was bewitchingly beautiful
she was burned-out before she was 30
she was by far the smartest student
she was clearly the gainer in that exchange
she was close to tears
she was contagiously bubbly
she was continually adjusting the ventilation
she was crying quietly
she was delicate and refined and unused to hardship
she was devoutly Catholic
she was diffident when offering a comment on the professor's lecture
she was doubly rewarded
she was dressed plainly
she was dressed very stylishly
she was dressed weirdly
she was drop-dead gorgeous
she was easily excited
she was elegant to her fingertips
she was enviably fluent in French
she was ever so friendly
she was exhausted by her misery and grief
she was famous as an interpreter of Shakespearean roles
she was fat and inert
she was fiercely proud of her children
she was firmly resolved to be a doctor
she was first and last a scientist
she was fit to scream
she was girlishly shy
she was granted leave to speak
she was his first love
she was his main squeeze
she was humming an air from Beethoven
she was in bed and evidently in great pain
she was in labor for six hours
she was in line for promotion
she was in my year at Hoehandle High
she was in some mysterious way...unlovable
she was in tears
she was incensed that this chit of a girl should dare to make a fool of her in front of the class
she was incurably optimistic
she was inordinately smart
she was insatiably hungry
she was intact, virginal
she was introduced to all the members of his family
she was kind to an uncommon degree
she was known as a spurner of all suitors
she was laid to rest beside her husband
she was looking very young tonight, and, as usual, indescribably beautiful, in a simple strapless dress of a green and white silky cotton
she was madly in love
she was more coherent than she had been just after the accident
she was near tears
she was not the...credible fool he expected
she was now of school age
she was now truly American
she was one of the tamest and most abject creatures imaginable with no will or power to act but as directed
she was opening her post
she was outstandingly successful in her profession
she was palpably nervous
she was penetrated with sorrow
she was preternaturally beautiful
she was quick to point out my errors
she was quiet and nonassertive as she took control
she was quite alone
she was rather indecently dressed
she was ravishingly beautiful
she was reading to herself and merely subvocalized
she was received hospitably by her new family
she was received inhospitably by her new family
she was refined in her choice of apparel
she was refreshingly free from shyness
she was reportedly his mistress for many years
she was right in a way
she was rollickingly happy
she was roundly slim
she was sanctimoniously criticizing everybody
she was saved in the nick of time
she was seldom acceptive of my suggestions
she was severely affected by the bank's failure
she was sick with longing
she was slender as a willow shoot is slender
she was smiling wanly
she was sporting a new hat
she was staring vacantly into the room
she was stretched supinely on her back
she was sufficiently fluent in Mandarin
she was tactful enough not to shatter his illusion
she was talking uphill
she was the belle of the ball
she was the classic maiden in distress
she was the final arbiter on all matters of fashion
she was the instigator of their quarrel
she was the most important influence in my life
she was the mother of many offspring
she was the organizer of the meeting
she was the picture of despair
she was the poster child for muscular dystrophy
she was the prototypal student activist
she was too disorganized to be an agreeable roommate
she was too fat to be a mannequin
she was true to her significant other
she was unattractively dressed last night
she was unduly pessimistic about her future
she was unequal to the task
she was unforbearing with the slower students
she was unprepared for this sudden overthrow of their normal way of living
she was unpretentiously dressed even though she was the guest of honor
she was unrecognizable because of the poorness of the photography
she was unusually tall
she was usually good with her hands and well coordinated
she was very attached to her father
she was very gifted
she was very much interested
she was vice-presidential material
she was wearing blue
she was well informed
she was well-versed in the ways of the world before she had taken the veil
she was with him heart and soul
she was wonderfully alive for her age
she was word-perfect in her part
she was worked up about all the noise
she was working deliberately
she was yakking away about her grandchildren
she watched the recording from a sound-proof booth
she watched the show indefatigably
she weaned her baby when he was 3 months old and started him on powdered milk
she went about her chores on automatic pilot
she went all the way with him
she went back to her parents' house
she went peddling furiously up the narrow street
she wept thinking she had been left behind
she will arrive presently
she will be with you momently
she will succeed in the end
she wiped lipstick from her mouth
she won a blue ribbon for her baking at the county fair
she wondered whether it would snow tonight
she wore a gold lame dress
she wore a skirt with checks
she wore a sort of magenta dress
she wore dun
she wore her best bib-and-tucker
she wore her hair in an amazing construction of whirls and ribbons
she wore her hat rakishly at an angle
she wore thongs in her quest for the callipygian ideal
she worked around the clock
she worked assiduously on the senior thesis
she worked feverishly
she worked for women's liberation
she worked hard for better living conditions for the poor
she worked methodically
she worked zealously to raise funds for the literacy project
she works full-time
she works nearby
she would have been better off if she had stuck with teaching
she wouldn't give up her pets for love or money
she writes badly
she writes books for children
she wrote a book about her harsh experiences as a comfort woman
she wrote these letters anonymously
she wrote those letters on the fly
she'll do okay on her own
she's a big deal in local politics
she's a bit weak upstairs
she's a comfortable person to be with
she's a demon at math
she's a dramatic slammer of doors
she's a familiar name on the club circuit
she's a real dog
she's a rich woman in her own right rather than by inheritance
she's a saucy chit
she's a total airhead
she's ahead of the game
she's an elegant dresser
she's better in math than in history
she's hot and tired
she's in show biz
she's much better now
she's one girl in a million
she's quite a girl
she's really together
she's the best all-rounder they've seen in years
she's the den mother to new secretaries
she's the peacekeeper in that family
she's the very image of her mother
she's tied up at the moment and can't see you
shear hedges
shear sheep
shear the wool off the lamb
sheathe a sword
sheathe her face
shed bitter tears
shed tears
shed your clothes
sheepishly he handed her back the money
sheer silk stockings
sheer stupidity
sheer wine
sheet the body
shelflike table
shell mussels
shell out pocket money for the children
shell the legumes
shelve books
shift one's attention
shift the date for our class reunion
shift the emphasis
shifting sands
shiftless idle youth
shifty eyes
shifty winds
shigella is one of the most toxic substances known to man
shine the silver, please
shingle a roof
shingling is a craft very different from carpentry
shining white enamel
shiny black patents
shiny brand-new shoes
ship the cargo in the hold of the vessel
shipboard romances
ships coursing the Atlantic
ships operating in United States waters must adhere to United States laws and regulations
ships with square sails sail fairly efficiently with the wind abaft
shirr the eggs
shirt looked none the worse for having been slept in
shirts with detachable collars
shivery weather
shoaly waters
shock grain
shock-headed teenagers
shocked by the mere idea
shocked to see the transformed landscape
shocked to see the worn look of his handsome young face
shockingly inconsiderate behavior
shoddy business practices
shoeless Joe Jackson
shoes so dilapidated as to be unwearable
shone among the mediocrities who surrounded him
shook a monitory finger at him
shoot a basket
shoot a glance
shoot a goal
shoot a golf ball
shoot a movie
shoot a star
shoot cloth
shoot craps
shooting gallery
shop til you drop
shop window full of glittering Christmas trees
shopaholics can never resist a bargain
shops should take back unsatisfactory goods
shopworn merchandise at half price
shore and buttress an old building
short and terse and easy to understand
short hair
short haircuts were the regulation
short in cotton
short in stature
short on experience
short skirts
short stories by unrecognized writers
short streamlined meetings
short vowels are unstressed
short-circuit warm feelings
short-range planes
short-run planning
short-sleeved
short-term credit
shortbread is a short crumbly cookie
shortcomings inherent in our approach
shorten the rope by a few inches
shorten the skirt
shorthand notes
shortsighted critics derided the plan
shortsighted policies
shot an unfledged arrow
shot out sidelong boughs
should have made reservations beforehand
should not tamely submit to the unpredictable and ununderstood cycles of wars
should scientists recombine DNA?
shoulder the burden
shout it from the housetops
shove off!
shovel sand
show me where the business was today
showed a Marxist orientation
showed a bovine apathy
showed a casual disregard for cold weather
showed his true dignity when under pressure
showed overmuch affection
showery weather
shredded and desiccated coconut meat
shredded cabbage
shrewd purchasing requires considerable knowledge
shrill criticism
shrill-toned
shrink-proofed fabrics
shrinkage is the retail trade's euphemism for shoplifting
shrinkwrap the CDs
shriveled leaves on the unwatered seedlings
shroud the corpses
shuck corn
shuck oysters
shudderingly, she acknowledged to herself that she dared not face what lay before her
shuffle the cards
shut off the gas when you leave for a vacation
shut our ears against the blasting music from his car radio
shut the window
shy of strangers
sick for five straight days
sick of it all
sick to death of flattery
side fences
sidelong glances
sidereal bodies
sidereal time
sidesplitting antics
sidewalks slick with ice
sift the flour
sift the information
sift through the job candidates
sigeh legally wraps premarital sex in an Islamic cloak
sign an intersection
sign on the dotted line
signalize a busy intersection
signally inappropriate methods
signals from the boat suddenly stopped
signals received from the depths of space
signed a pledge never to reveal the secret
significant details
silence broken by dogs barking ferociously
silken eyelashes
silky skin
silly giggles
silly phrases fell from her mouth
silty soil
silver bracelets
silver speech
silver the necklace
silver-toned
silverplate a watch
silvery hair
simian features
similar food at similar prices
simmer the sauce
simmering water
simperingly, the accused begged for mercy
simple mechanisms
simple undemanding affection
simple unstudied charm
simplex system
simplistic arguments of the ruling party
simply incapable of lying
since `em quad' is hard to distinguish from `en quad', printers sometimes called it a `mutton quad'
since blocks are often defined as a single sector, the terms `block' and `sector' are sometimes used interchangeably
since buggies have been replaced by cars the buggy whip has become a symbol for anything that is hopelessly outmoded
since he lacks originality he must rely on quotation
since he was a baronet he had to be addressed as Sir Henry Jones, Bart.
since no combination of nerves serve this area a glove anesthesia is clearly psychogenic in origin
since pregnancy cannot happen if sperm are kept out of the vagina, outercourse is one method of birth control
sincere friendship
singable melody is the essence of music
singing in her silvery tones
singing in unison
single chrysanthemums resemble daisies and may have more than one row of petals
single occupancy
single parenthood
single-minded in his determination to stop smoking
single-stranded RNA
singular behavior
sinister storm clouds
sinistral individuals exhibit dominance of the left hand and eye
sinistrorse vines
siphon gas into the tank
sisterly kindness
sit down and stay awhile
sit here as quiet as you can
sit straight
sitting in a dark corner
sitting primly with uncrossed legs
sitting snugly by the fireside while the storm raged
sitting under the reclusive calm of a shade tree
situated west of Boston
situation normal--all fucked-up
situations of measurable and surmountable danger
six honorary were conferred; the conferees were...
sixthly, we cannot afford a vacation
sixty years ago my grandfather came to the U.S.
size gives body to a fabric
sizzling political issues
skeletal bones
skeletal muscles
sketch the building
sketch the outline of the book
sketched in an approximate likeness
skewer the meat for the BBQ
skiing is hot stuff in New Hampshire
skill is the product of hours of practice
skilled in the utilization of computers
skills made redundant by technological advance
skim cream from the surface of milk
skimmed milk is much thinner than whole milk
skin from his thigh replaced the burned skin on his arms
skin with a tangible roughness
skintight jeans
skip town
skirling bagpipes
skirts sewn with fine flat seams
skive leather
sky watchers discovered a new star
skydiving is a hazardous sport
slack and wrinkled skin
slack in maintaining discipline
slack lime
slack sails
slack the rope
slack water
slacks with an elasticized waistband
slain warriors
slam the ball
slammed the door hard
slander is an actionable offense
slangy speech
slap some paint onto the wall
slapdash work
slaphappy with exhaustion
slapstick style of humor
slashed cuffs showing the scarlet lining
slate the roof
slaves antagonistic to their masters
slavish devotion to her job ruled her life
sleazy characters hanging around casinos
sleazy storefronts with...dirt on the walls
sleek and agile as a gymnast
sleek black fur
sleek cabinets with apparently handleless doors
sleek figures in expensive clothes
sleep and food and water are among the biogenic needs of the organism
sleep off a hangover
sleeper nests of Islamic terrorists were capable of launching major attacks in Europe
sleepiness causes many driving accidents
sleeping in the spare room
sleepyheaded students
sleeved garments
sleeveless summer dresses
slender wages
slenderizing skirts
slept clear through the night
slept soundly through the storm
sliced ham
sliced tomatoes
slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach
slick one's hair
slick seals and otters
slicked up for visitors
slide rules and other mathematical instruments
slight evidence
slightly built
slightly improper to dine alone with a married man
slim and hipless
slim flexible birches
sling the cargo onto the ship
slip into something comfortable
slip into something more comfortable after work
slip on one's shoes
slippery sidewalks
slipshod spelling
slit her throat
slit the throat of the victim
slithery eels
slithery mud
sliver wood
slogans petrify our thinking
slop the food onto the plate
sloppy habits
sloppy workmanship
slosh paint all over the walls
slot a television program
slothful employees
slouchily dressed
slovenly appearance
slovenly inconsiderate reasoning
slow but steady growth
slow-moving cars
sluice logs
sluice the earth
sluice water
slum conditions
slumberous (or slumbrous) eyes
slushy poetry
slushy snow
sly as a fox
small a
small aerial creatures such as butterflies
small and uncomplicated cars for those really interested in motoring
small beginnings
small children
small children are so possessive they will not let others play with their toys
small children toddle
small churches with elegant white spires
small pinched faces
small type is hard to read
small-breasted
small-scale maps
small-scale plans
smarmy self-importance
smart bombs have revolutionized aerial bombardment
smart children talk earlier than the average
smart weapons
smash in the door
smear the wall with paint
smell out corruption
smiled thinly
smoke billowed up into the sky
smoke out the bees
smoke-filled rooms
smoke-free offices and restaurants
smokeless factory stacks
smokeless fuel
smoking chronically
smoking is bad for you
smoking stinks
smoky chimneys
smoky rafters
smoky sausages
smooth fabric
smooth glossy unpermed hair
smooth percale with a very tight weave
smooth skin
smooth surfaces can vellicate the teeth
smooth the surface of the wood
smooth the way towards peace negotiations
smooth, shining, and deceitful as thin ice
smother a yawn
smother fires
smother the meat in gravy
smothered chicken is chicken cooked in a seasoned gravy
smothering heat
smutty jokes
snaffle a horse
snag a bargain
snags incidental to the changeover in management
snakes are members of the class Reptilia
snaky ridges in the sand
snap a football
snap your fingers
snappy conversation
snappy weather
snarled thread
snarled unbrushed hair
sneak a cigarette
sneak a look
sneezing is reflexive
sniff the perfume
snow blanketed the fields
snow drifting several feet high
snow flakes tinseled the trees
snow-capped peaks
snow-clad hills
snow-covered roads
snuff coke
snuff out the candles
snug in bed
snugly laced shoes
so absorbed by the movement that she lost all sense of individuality
so beat I could flop down and go to sleep anywhere
so credulous he believes everything he reads
so dense he never understands anything I say to him
so dirty that it smells
so enigmatic that priests might have to clarify it
so excited she was wide-awake all night
so exhausted she was dull to what went on about her
so far as it is reasonably practical he should practice restraint
so far every road that we've been down has turned out to be a blind alley
so good to feel wanted
so great was his harassment that he wanted to destroy his tormentors
so guilt-ridden he could not face his father
so heedful a writer
so intent on this fantastic...narrative that she hardly stirred
so little republican and so much aristocratic sentiment
so live your life that old age will bring no regrets
so many head of cattle
so many highest superlatives achieved by man
so much had happened during the intervening years
so much weeping
so overconfident and impudent as to speak to the queen
so pure of heart that his worst is another man's best
so squeamish he would only touch the toilet handle with his elbow
so swollen by victory that he was unfit for normal duty
so terrene a being as himself
so terrified by the extraordinary ebbing of the sea that they scurried to higher ground
so-called bad grammar
soak the bandage with disinfectant
soaking wet
soap cuts grease
soap is a compound substance
soapy compliments
soaring prices
sobbingly, the teenager admitted killing the baby
sober Puritan grey
sociably, the new neighbors invited everyone on the block for coffee
social facilitation is an adaptive condition
social groups form everywhere
social institutions
social legislation
social life
social order and prosperity, the conjoint aims of government
social security provided only a bare subsistence
social unrest
socialistic government
socialized medicine
socialized ownership
socially accepted norms
socially advantageous to entertain often
socially bifurcated populations
socially unpopular
societal evolution
societal forces
society as an integrated whole
society was infected by racism
socioeconomic status
sociolinguistically fascinating
sociological studies
sociologically speaking, this is an interesting phenomenon
sociologists have studied the changing structure of the family
socks worn wrong side out
sodium is a reactive metal
soft data
soft hands
soft light that was easy on the eyes
soft music
soft music was a fond caress
soft pastel colors
soft targets
soft voices
soft-boiled eggs
soften a shock
softness is not something permitted of good leaders
software with greater functionality
soil sufficiently hospitable for forest growth
soils retentive of moisture
solar eclipse
solar energy
solar gravity creates extreme pressures and temperatures
sold cut whiskey
sold in haste and at a sacrifice
sold the car at a loss
solder these two pipes together
soldiers driven mad by superhuman misery
soldiers with guns at the ready
sole rights of publication
sole the shoes
solemn and mournful music
soliciting personal injury cases may constitute champerty
solicitous about her health
solicitous about the future
solicitous parents
solid blackness
solid color
solid comfort
solid gold
solid ground
solid sheets of water
solitary bees
soliton waves can travel long distances with little loss of energy or structure
solmizate a song before you learn the lyrics
solstice is a time of calendric importance
solve an equation
solve an old debt
solve for x
solved the problem perfectly
solving the problem is predicated on understanding it well
somatic cells are produced from preexisting cells
somatogenic theories of schizophrenia
some Hindus consider Krishna to be an avatar of the god Vishnu
some actresses have more than one face lift
some alleles are dominant over others
some apples
some art forms schematise designs into geometrical patterns
some artists prefer the smoothness of a board
some astronomers believe that the solar system was formed by spallation when the sun was a very young star
some athletes take anabolic steroids to increase muscle size temporarily
some biologists doubt that there are important genetic differences between races of human beings
some call the mujahidin international warriors but others just call them terrorists
some campsites have electrical hookups for trailers
some children are brighter in one subject than another
some children remain unweaned until their second or third birthdays
some creepy kids were bothering her
some criminologists specialize in dermatoglyphics
some definitely queer goings-on
some drugs are ototoxic
some economists are disdainful of their colleagues in other social disciplines
some fool idea about rewriting authors' books
some form of religion seems to be a human universal
some forty people came
some future historian will evaluate him
some gentle arm-twisting produced the desired result
some have intimated that the Superfund's money may have turned into a political slush fund
some highflying fighter pilot fired a cannon shell into it
some insects are anthophagous
some invertebrates can regrow limbs or their tail after they lost it due to an injury
some joker is blocking the driveway
some kind of unspoken agreement
some member of his own party hoped privately for his defeat
some men think it unmanly to be domesticated; others find gratification in it
some minor flooding
some music seems almost unplayable
some mute inglorious Milton here may rest
some odd dollars left
some of the girls did go to extremes, but it was all in fun
some of the items in the collection are mere makeweights
some of these drugs have been derived from opium and others have been produced synthetically
some organs can invaginate
some overseas trade in grain arose
some paper
some people are still not disabused of the old idea that the universe revolves around the Earth
some people believe the day of judgment is close at hand
some people believe they can telepathize with others around the world
some people enjoy watching people who mudwrestle
some people have little power to do good, and have likewise little strength to resist evil
some people have much higher pain thresholds than do other people
some people in publishing think of theirs as a glamorous medium so they copy the glitter of Hollywood
some people living insignificantly among us
some people see evolution as an undeviating upward march from simple organisms to the very complex
some people seem born to be square and chunky
some people sleep better double
some people want to Christianize ancient pagan sites
some personal expenses are tax deductible
some plastics are as tough as metal
some previous reader had covered the pages with dozens of marks
some provinces had proved recreant
some psychologists tried to contrast retrospection and introspection
some recondite problem in historiography
some reform-minded Islamic scholars believe that reopening ijtihad is a prerequisite for the survival of Islam
some remember better than others
some roses were still blooming
some salts sublime when heated
some say the Tule tree is the world's largest single biomass
some sea anemones are biradial
some sharp and whipping lines
some students had stolen the key to the final exam
some teenagers are obsessed with their body image
some thieves prey especially on unwary travelers
some trick of the moonlight; some weird effect of shadow
some tropical ferns are hygrophytic
some twelve millions immigrants passed through Ellis Island
some undefined sense of excitement
some wacky plan for selling more books
some weeds seem inextirpable
some who had been on the fence came out in favor of the plan
some women do not control the spacing of their children
some words in her dialect had a charming quaintness
someday you will understand my actions
someone amenable to the instruction of others
someone had to drive me home last night because I had a skinful
someone impervious to argument
someone in the audience began to cough
someone leaked the unreleased announcement
someone sedated with scopolamine has difficulty lying
someone slapped me on the back and I turned to see who the slapper was
someone stole his wallet while he was in a drunken stupor
someone who is resourceful is capable of dealing with difficult situations
something cheerless about the room
something cowardly and ignoble in his attitude
something dark and inhuman in form
something definitely queer about this town
something demonic in him--something that could be cruel
something essentially vulgar and meanspirited in politics
something frantic in their gaiety
something going flip-flap in the night
something has gone awry in our plans
something inexpressibly taking in his manner
something is amiss
something is wrong with the engine
something long hoped for
something ponderable from the outer world--something of which we can say that its weight is so and so
something that happens once in blue moon almost never happens
something unnerving and prisonlike about high grey wall
something went badly amiss in the preparations
sometimes her photography is breathtaking
sometimes it doesn't pay to be overcautious in business
sometimes one understood clearly and sometimes the meaning was clouded
sometimes she wished she were back in England
sometimes taking an indirect path saves time
sometimes they come for a month; at other times for six months
sometimes, the gout wanders through the entire body
somewhat prosily and repetitively expounded
sonar is an acronym for sound navigation ranging
sooner or later you will have to face the facts
sop bread into the sauce
sophisticated young socialites
soppy clothes
soprano sax
soprano voice
sordid avarice
sordid material interests
sordid shantytowns
sore over a remark
sorely wounded
sororal concern
sorrow comes to all, and to the young it comes with bittered agony because it takes them unawares
sorrow had lined his face
sorrow made the eyes of many grow liquid
sorrow was mapped on the mother's face
sorrowful news
sorrowful widows
sort of the intellectual type
sottish behavior
sought merciful treatment for the captives
soul was politically significant during the Civil Rights movement
soul-destroying labor
soulful eyes
soulful music
sound a certain note
sound advice
sound and light propagate in this medium
sound investments
sound the alarm
sound the bell
sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal
soundless footsteps on the grass
sour milk
souse herring
souse water on his hot face
south-central London
southeasterly breezes
southern Tunisia is mostly desert
southern breezes
southern constellations
southern cooking
southern hospitality
southern plantations
sow suspicion or beliefs
sow the ground with sunflower seeds
sows farrow
space flight to other galaxies becomes more cogitable
spacious skies
spades were trumps
spare components for cars
spare parts
spare time on my hands
sparge the water
sparing in their use of heat and light
sparkling eyes
sparkling light from the shivering crystals of the chandelier
sparkling snow
sparkling water
sparkling wines
sparsely inhabited
sparsely peopled arctic regions
spartan courage
spasmodic rifle fire
spastic movements
spastic paralysis is a spastic form of cerebral palsy
spatchcock a guinea hen
spatial ability
spatial awareness
spatially limited
spatiotemporal coherence
speak more sanely about these affairs
speak naturally and easily
speak softly but carry a big stick
speaking personally, I would not want to go
speaks impeccable French
spear fish
special arrangements were available for the aged
special educational provisions for exceptional children
special seminars for small groups of advanced students at the University
special tutorials to assist the unlettered sector of society
specialist training
specialists in their several fields
specialize one's research
specifiable complaints
specific characters
specified a precise amount
specify the parameters
specimens of graphic art found among extant barbaric folk
speck the cloth
speckle the wall with tiny yellow spots
spectacular dives from the cliff
spectators were not allowed past the bar
spectral analysis
spectral colors
spectral emanations
spectroscopic analysis
speculations about the outcome of the election
speculative business enterprises
speculative knowledge
speech in this circle, if not always decent, never became lewd
speechless with shock
spend at most $20 on the lunch
spend money
spendable income
spending a week in the jungle was a mind-blowing experience
spends an outrageous amount on entertainment
spent a considerable amount of time on the problem
spent a frightful amount of money
spent a lonesome hour in the bar
spent a wretched night on the floor
spent an anxious night waiting for the test results
spent an unquiet night tossing and turning
spent his childhood on the paternal farm
spent hours adorning the outer man
spent many disquieted moments
spent many happy days on the beach
spent many laborious hours on the project
spherical geometry
spherically shaped
spicate inflorescence
spicy gossip
spiders spin a fine web
spikes provide greater traction
spill blood
spill the beans all over the table
spill the milk
spin a coin
spin a yarn
spin out a visit
spin silk
spinal cord
spinal injury
spinally administered
spineless fins
spirally fluted handles
spiritous beverages
spiritual bankruptcy
spiritual beings
spiritual fulfillment
spiritual leaders
spiritual songs
spiritual tappings at a seance
spiritual values
spirituous liquors
splat fish over an open fire
splatter water
splay knees
splendid costumes
splice film
splice genes
splint a broken finger
split apart
spoke English perfectly
spoke a corrupted version of the language
spoke a good word in his friend's behalf
spoke forthright (or forthrightly) and to the point
spoke in a calm and unhurried voice
spoke in a calm voice
spoke in a conciliating tone
spoke in a level voice
spoke in a servile tone
spoke in a sneering jeering manner
spoke in grammatical sentences
spoke in peremptory tones
spoke in undertones
spoke timidly in a tremulous voice
spoke to him intimately and confidentially
spoke with a unique accent
spoke with blithe ignorance of the true situation
spoke with forked tongue
spoke with one voice
spoke with unmoderated harshness
spoken with a straight face but crossed fingers
spokes radiate from the hub of the wheel
spondaic hexameter
spondaize verses
sponge up the spilled milk on the counter
spongy bread
spontaneous combustion
spontaneous laughter
spoon the sauce over the roast
sporting blood
sporting equipment
sporting events
sporting gents and their ladies
sports and drama are popular extracurricular activities
sportsmanlike conduct
spot checks ensure a high level of performance by employees
spot the areas that one should clearly identify
spotlessly clean
spousal rites
sprawling handwriting
spray paint on the wall
spray the wall with paint
spray water on someone
spread 1/4 lb softened margarine or cooking fat fairly thickly all over the surface
spread a thick layer of butter
spread cheese on a piece of bread
spread information
spread the bread with cheese
spread the margarine thinly over the meat
spread your arms
spreads bacterially
sprigged muslin
spring rains had raised the water table
springy turf
spritz water on a surface
spur horses
spurious inferences
spurt the wall with water
sputtering engines
spy for the Russians
squalid living conditions
squandered money cannot be replaced
square the wood with a file
square-toed shoes
squash can be dangerous if your opponent has a long follow-through
squeegee the windows
squeeze a lemon
squelch any sign of dissent
squinched eyes
squirrels are darters
stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions
stabilize prices
stable horses
stable prices
staccato applause
staccato notes
stack a truck with boxes
stack the deck of cards
stack your books up on the shelves
stagger the chairs in the lecture hall
stagnant water
stagy heroics
stake out the path
stake your goat
stale bread
stale news
stalk the woods for deer
stamp down on littering
stamp fruit extract the juice
stamp needles
stamp out tyranny
stand by to repel boarders
stand right here!
stand the test of time
stand with legs wide apart
standard English
standard brands
standard car equipment
standard operating procedure
standard procedure
standard sizes
standardization of nuts and bolts had saved industry millions of dollars
standardized education
standing on the corner watching all the girls go by
standing room only
standing tiptoe
standing water
standoffish and antisocial
standoffishly, he declined the invitation to the office party
stands jam-packed with fans
stands selling homegrown fruits and vegetables
staple fibers vary widely in length
staple the papers together
star-studded heavens
starch clothes
starch is used in cooking as a thickening
starchy foods
stardom meant nothing to her
stared hard at the accused
stared with mournful eyes
stared with wide eyes
starfish are actinoid--that is, they are radially symmetrical
staring eyes
staring straight ahead
staring with lackluster eyes
stark mad
stark poverty
stark staring mad
starry illumination
starry-eyed idealism
stars ornamented the Christmas tree
stars shining faintly through the overcast
start a new job
start afresh
start up the computer
started setting aside money to buy a car
starting life anew in a fresh place
startling earthquake shocks
startling news
state your name
state your opinion
state-of-the-art technology
state-owned railways
stated further that he would not cooperate with them
stateless persons
stately columns
stationary machinery
statistical data
statistical evidence for the protectiveness of vaccination
statistical population
statistically significant
statistics can be presented in ways that are misleading
statistics demonstrate that poverty and unemployment are very real problems
statute law
statute of limitations
statutory crimes
statutory law
statutory matters
statutory rape
statutory restrictions
staunch the blood flow
stave a ladder
stave in a cask
stay a bit longer--the day is still young
stay after school
stay alone
stay off the premises
stay over the weekend
stayed coolheaded in the crisis
stayed home in a sulk
stayed huffy a good while
staying fit and healthy
steadfast resolve
steady nerves
steady yourself
stealthily they advanced upstream
stealthy footsteps
steam drives the engines
steam is water is the gaseous state
steam-clean the upholstered sofa
steamed clams
steamroll the roads
steamroller the opposition
steamroller the road
steamy towels
steel-clad
steely eyes
steely nerves like those of a steeplejack
steep cliffs
steep the blossoms in oil
steep the fruit in alcohol
stellar light
stellar passings can perturb the orbits of comets
stem the tide
stem your skis
stemless glassware
stemmatology also plays an important role in musicology
stemmed berries
stemmed goblets
stems bearing slender wands of flowers
stems with alternate leaves
step aside
step back
step forward
step lively
step off ten yards
step on the brake
step over to the blackboard
stereoscopic lenses
stereoscopic vision
stereotyped phrases of condolence
sterling transferability affords a means of multilateral settlement for....trade between nondollar countries
stern and unmitigable accusations
stewed in its petty provincialism untouched by the brisk debates that stirred the old world
stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it
stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress
stick the photo onto the corkboard
stick the poster onto the wall
stick to the diet
stick your thumb in the crack
stick-on labels
sticks and stones may break my bones but names can never hurt me
sticks leaning against the wall endways
sticky weather
stiff hair
stiffen the regulations
stiffening his shoulders, he prepared to advance
still a live option
still another problem must be solved
still mineral water
still not fully awake
still the fears
still untested in battle
still waters run deep
stimulant phenomena
stimulate my appetite
stimulated a surge of speculation
stint with the allowance
stinting in bestowing gifts
stipendiary funds
stipendiary services
stipulatory obligations
stir emotions
stir my drink
stir the soil
stir the soup
stir-fry the vegetables in a wok
stirred by revived hopes
stirring events such as wars and rescues
stochastic processes
stock a farm
stock a lake
stock a rifle
stock options are not much use as an incentive if the price at which they can be exercised is out of reach
stock prices are drifting higher
stock prices broke
stock the larder with meat
stocks are still firm
stocks were bulling
stocky legs
stodgy food
stoic courage
stoic patience
stomach walls
stomatal openings
stone containing many embedded fossils
stone is abundant in New England and there are many quarries
stoneless dried dates
stones laid in a pattern
stonewash blue jeans
stonily indifferent to time
stony ground
stood apart with aloof dignity
stood as if carven from stone
stood aside to let him pass
stood at the door drenched (or soaked) by the rain
stood defiantly with unbowed back
stood hatless in the rain with water dripping down his neck
stood in awed silence before the shrine
stood in stunned silence
stood in the doorway diffident and abashed
stood near the door
stood resolute against the enemy
stood unblinking and accepted a sentence of a year
stood watching intently
stood with arms akimbo
stood with arms upraised
stood with good posture
stood with his legs apart
stoop-shouldered
stop a car
stop being a baby!
stop talking about yourself in the third person
stop that god-awful racket
stop the busy road
stop the project
stop the thief
stop up the leak
store grain for the winter
storehouses were built close to the docks
stout hearts
stout seamen
stovepiped information
stow the cart
stow the luggage aft
straggling branches
straggly hair
straggly ivy
straight dealing
straight lines
straight reasoning
straight roads across the desert
straight shoulders
straight teeth
straighten hair
straightforward in all his business affairs
straightway the clouds began to scatter
straining our ears to hear
strait is the gate
strange fancies of unreal and shadowy worlds
strangely incurious about the cause of the political upheaval surrounding them
strangle a laugh
strangulation of the intestine
strap a razor
straplike leaves
strategic bombing missions
strategic considerations
strategic weapon
strategic withdrawal
strategically important decisions
strategically placed artillery
stratified areas of the distribution
stratified rock
stratify seeds
straw
strawberries are hardy and easy to grow
strayed far from home
streaked hair
stream of consciousness
streamers of flames
streaming audio
streaming video recording
street children beg or steal in order to survive
street full of flourishing well-patronized shops
streets ablaze with lighted Christmas trees
streets canopied by stately trees
streets choked with traffic
streets unpassable because of piles of unmelted snow
strengthen the relations between the two countries
strengthened by rootage in the firm soil of faith
strenuous exercise
stress is a vasoconstrictor
stretch hosiery
stretch my patience
stretch out that piece of cloth
stretch the fabric
stretch the imagination
stretch the soup by adding some more cream
strew toys all over the carpet
strickle sand
strickle the grain in the measure
strict standards
strident demands
strike `z' on the keyboard
strike a balance
strike a bargain
strike a fish
strike a match
strike a medal
strike a pose
strike an arc
strike coins
strike down a law
strike down a tree
strike fire from the flintstone
strike up a conversation
strike up a friendship
string beans
string my guitar
string pearls on a string
string the package
string these ideas together
string up these songs and you'll have a musical
stringent safety measures
stringently controlled
strip a wall of its wallpaper
strip mining left a disfigured landscape
strip tobacco
strip wood
stripes characteristic of the zebra
strolled through the museum with a bored air
strong and self-possessed in the face of trouble
strong and vigorous and of prepossessing appearance
strong medicine
strong men behaving like lovesick boys
strong winds
strong-arm tactics
strong-bodied
strong-limbed
strongly recuperative remedies
strongly territorial birds
strop razors
struck a mighty blow
struck dumb
structural damage
structural effects of folding and faulting of the earth's surface
structural engineer
structural errors
structural simplicity
structural unemployment in a technological society
structurally, the organization is healthy
struggling artists
strum a guitar
stub a field
stub out your cigar
stub out your cigarette now
stubborn rust stains
stubby fingers
stucco the ceiling
stuccoed ceilings
stuck in a dead-end job
stuck in the mud
stuck perkily, like a bustle on a woman's skirt
stuck to the plain facts
stuck with the tab
stud the wall
student council
students having superior diacritic powers
students making aliyah
students startled by the teacher's quiet return
students who had come to the nation's capitol
students with pens and notebooks at the ready
studied in a shiftless way
studies conducted in vivo
stuff a bearskin
stuff a pillow with feathers
stuffy unventilated rooms
stump a field
stumps...had uncanny shapes as of monstrous creatures
stun fish
stunned scientists found not one but at least three viruses
stunning photographs of Canada's wilderness areas
stupendous demand
stupendously ignorant people
sturdiness of moral principle
sturdy canvas
sturdy steel shelves
sturdy young athletes
style a manuscript
style the dress
style...is more than the deliberate and designed creation
stylistic devices
stylistically complex
stylistically innovative works
subatomic particles
subcutaneous implant
subdue one's appetites
subdued lighting
subdued lights and soft music
subhuman conditions of life
subject peoples
subjected to outrageous cruelty
subjects received a small electric shock when they made the wrong response
subjugated peoples
subjunctive verb endings
sublime iodine
subliterary works such as letters and diaries
subluxate the hip
submerge your head completely
submerged leaves
submerged rocks
submissive servants
submit a bill to a legislative body
subnormal intelligence
suboceanic oil resources
subsequent developments
substances readily translatable to the American home table
substandard housing
substantive law
substitute coffee
substitute regular milk for fat-free milk
subsurface materials of the moon
subterranean motives for murder
subterranean passages
subtle gradations in color
subtle, multivalent allegory
subtleties of harmonic change and tonality
subtract this amount from my paycheck
suburban population
subvert the ruling class
success came too easy
success that was her portion
success usually requires hard work
successful mothers--mothers with unneurotic children
successful negotiation is the meat and potatoes of arbitration
succinct comparisons
succulent plants with thick fleshy leaves
succulent roast beef
such a change is gloomily foreseen by many
such a help
such a portentous...monster raised all my curiosity
such a proposal deserves thorough public discussion
such action is neither necessary nor advisable
such an enormous response was astonishing
such digressions can lead us too far afield
such disparate attractions as grand opera and game fishing
such doctrines, if true, would be absolutely fatal to my theory
such effects can be induced reflexly
such effortlessness is achieved only after hours of practice
such erratic behavior was out of the way for him
such expenses are necessarily incurred
such grief
such images define their sense of nationality
such imponderable human factors as aesthetic sensibility
such land is practical for small park developments
such lax and slipshod ways are no longer acceptable
such molar problems of personality as the ego functions
such poise is singular in one so young
such problems are perfectly solvable
such resistible temptations
such semiprecious stones as amethyst, garnet, jade, and tourmaline
such weeping
such women carry in their heads kinship knowledge of six generations depth and extending laterally among consanguineal kin as far as the grandchildren of second cousin
suck in your cheeks and stomach
suck on a straw
suck the poison from the place where the snake bit
suction the uterus in an abortion
sudden but sure regret
suddenly and irrelevantly, she asked him for money
suddenly felt faint from the pain
suddenly her gigantic power melted into softness for the baby
suddenly looked afraid
suddenly she felt a sharp pain in her side
suddenly she turned around
suddenly the board lit up like a Christmas tree
suddenly they were in a slack and the water was motionless
suety lamb chops
suffer a terrible fate
sufferable punishment
suffered a staggering defeat
suffered exquisite pain
suffered only minor injuries
suffered severe wintry weather
suffered the ignominy of being sent to prison
suffering from exposure to toxic substances
suffering from facial disfiguration
suffering refugees
sufficient food
suffix words
suffrage was the prerogative of white adult males
suffusive purple light
sugar loaf
sugar your tea
sugar-coated pills
suggestible young minds
suggestions for further reading
suggestive poses
sui generis works like Mary Chestnut's Civil War diary
suicidal impulses
suits of like design
sulfuretted hydrogen
sully someone's reputation
sulphuric esters
summary justice
summer temperatures reached an all-time high
summer was at its peak
summerize a house
summerize your car
summery dresses
summery weather
summon a lawyer
sumo wrestlers are large heavy men
sumptuary laws discouraging construction of large houses on small plots
sumptuary laws forbidding gambling
sun-bleached deck chairs
sun-drenched beaches along the Riviera
sun-dried apricots
sunbaked adobe bricks
sunbaked salt flats
sundry sciences commonly known as social
sunset industries
superannuated laws
superfatted toilet soaps
superfetation is normal in some animal species
superficial burns
superficial facial injuries
superficial knowledge
superficial measurements
superficial similarities
superfine sugar
superfluously, he added his silly comments to the discussion
superhuman beings
superhuman strength
superimposed rocks
superincumbent layers of dead plants cut off the air and arrested decomposition
superior math students
superior officer
superior wisdom derived from experience
supernatural forces and occurrences and beings
supernaturalist beliefs
supernormal intimations
supernumerary ornamentation
superscribe an envelope
superscribe one's name and address
superstitiously he refused to travel on Friday the 13th
supertwisters are fortunately rare
supervised play
supplement your diet
supplicate God's blessing
supplicate for permission
supplies are low
supply blankets for the beds
supported joints in a railroad track have ties directly under the rail ends
supporters of the president organized a counterdemonstration in his support
suppositious reconstructions of dead languages
suppress a nascent uprising
suppress a smile
suppress a yawn
suppressed laughter
supranational federations
supreme among musicians
supreme courage
supreme folly
sure enough, he asked her for money again
sure he'll come
sure of her friends
sureness of hand
surf the internet or the world wide web
surface instruments for detecting oil deposits
surface materials of the moon
surface transportation
surface-to-air missiles
surfing through the channels
surgeons must scrub prior to an operation
surgeons with extended experience
surgical instruments
surgical intervention
surgically removed
surging waves
surplus cheese distributed to the needy
surprised by her student's ingenuity
surprised that he remembered my name
surprisingly knowledgeable about what was going on
surprisingly the curtain started to rise while the houselights were still undimmed
surreptitious mobilization of troops
surrogate father
surrounded by a deep yard
surrounded by tangible objects
surtax luxury items that cost more than $1,000
survivor guilt was first noted in those who survived the Holocaust
susceptible of proof
susceptible to colds
suspected only too well what might be going on
suspend payments on the loan
suspend the particles
suspended matter such as silt or mud...
suspense is the very stuff of narrative
suspension of surveillance opened the floodgates to illegal immigrants
suspicious behavior
sustained flight
sustentacular cells
susurrant voices
suture the wound after surgery
swab the ship's decks
swabbing left the deck semi-dry but still slippery
swaddled the infant
swallows gliding effortlessly through the air
swampy bayous
swarms of pestering gnats
swayer of the universe
swear not by...the inconstant moon
sweat poured off his brow
sweeping generalizations
sweet dessert wines
sweet memories inhabit this house
sweet memories of gone summers
sweet milk
sweet revenge
sweeten a deal
sweltering athletes
swift flight of an arrow
swimming eyes
swimming in the buff means to swim naked
swing a bat
swing back
swing forward
swingeing damages awarded by the judge
swingeing taxation
swinish slavering over food
swishing windshield wipers
switch on the light
switch to a different brand of beer
switched from keyboard to voice mode
swollen hands
sworn enemies
swung the wheel hard left
syllabic accent
syllabic characters each represent a syllable
syllabically pronounced
syllabify the words
syllable to blessed syllable affined
syllogistic reasoning
symbolic art
symbolic logic
symbolic operations
symbolic thinking
symbolically accepted goals
symbolically expressed
symbolizing kingly power
symbols are inherently referential
symmetrized waves
sympathetic and nonjudgmental
sympathetic neurons
sympathetic stimulation
sympathetic to the students' cause
sympathetic vibration
sympathetic words
symphonic choir
symptomatic of insanity
symptomatic relief
symptomatic treatment
symptoms are the prime indicants of disease
synchronic linguistics
synchronize biblical events
synchronize this film
synchronize your watches
synchronous oscillations
syncopate a word
synesthetic metaphor
synesthetic response to music
synonyms can be interchanged without a changing the context's meaning
synoptic sayings
syntactically ill-formed
syntagmatic word associations
syntax errors can be recognized at compilation time
synthetic leather
syphilitic symptoms
systematize our scientific knowledge
table laden with food
tables in modernistic designs
tack the notice on the board
tacky varnish
tactile qualities
taffeta with shifting colors
tailor your needs to your surroundings
tailored curtains
tainted bacon
take a left at the corner
take a pulse
take a right at the corner
take a risk
take a run into town
take a scene
take a shufti while you're out there
take a taste--you'll like it
take action
take an opportunity
take as many apples as you like
take down the vase from the shelf
take for granted
take in the sails
take in the sights
take into account the shallowness at that end of the pool before you dive
take me out to the ballpark
take off your shirt--it's very hot in here
take out a license
take out a patent
take out a splinter
take out the chicken after adding the vegetables
take ribbon snakes, for example
take shelter from the storm
take sick
take steps
take the bad with the good
take the gun from your pocket
take the number 2 to the main square, then change to the number 5
take time to smell the roses
take up a matter for consideration
take up new ideas
take up the slack
take vengeance
take your medicine
taken aback by the caustic remarks
taken distributively, their rights are imperceptible
taken hostage of desperate men
taken in by beguiling tales of overnight fortunes
taken in by high-sounding talk
taken individually, the rooms were, in fact, square
takeout pizza
takes a jaundiced view of societies and clubs
taking a mean advantage
taking the large view
tales of grotesque serpents eight fathoms long that churned the seas
talk of invading Iraq stirred up a political hornets' nest
talked all night long
talked for nigh onto 2 hours
talked late into the evening
talked on and on ad infinitum
talked to each child in turn
talking earnestly with his son
talking sweet to each other
talks between Israelis and Palestinians
tall buildings
tall for his eld
tall people
tall ships
tall trees
tame animals
tame obedience
tame the soil
tamp the coffee grinds in the container to make espresso
tangential forces
tangible assets such as machinery
tangible evidence
tangible property like real estate
tangle her desires with wailful sonnets
tangled in a web of cloth
tank animal refuse
tap a cask of wine
tap a keg of beer
tap a maple tree for its syrup
tap a source of money
tap beer in a bar
tap one's memory
tapa cloth is an unwoven fabric made by pounding bark into a thin sheet
tape the shipping label to the box
tapping an annoying rhythm on his glass with his fork
tar the roads
tar the roof
tardive dyskinesia
tardy children are sent to the principal
tariff imported goods
tarsal bones
tartaric acid
taught to be wary of strangers
taunting shouts of `coward' and `sissy'
taut sails
tauten a rope
tawdry ornaments
tax-exempt bonds
taxable income
taxable males as revealed by the nominal rolls
taxation is a drag on the economy
taxes are rounded off to the nearest dollar but the rounding error is surprisingly small
taxes on undeveloped lots are low
taxes on unimproved land are low
taxonomic relations
taxpayers want a hold-down on government spending
tea has fragrant white flowers
teach somebody to unlearn old habits or methods
teachable youngsters
teachers should be well trained in their subject
teachers were shockingly underpaid
teaching history gave him a special point of view toward current events
teak and other heavy cabinet wood
tear off the stub above the broken line
tear the paper
tear-stained cheeks
tearful entreaties
tearful eyes
tears are an expression of grief
tease tissue for microscopic examinations
tease wool
teasing and worrying with impish laughter
technical college
technical language
technical problems in medicine, engineering, economics and other applied disciplines
technical terminology
technical terms are rarely occurrent in literature
technical training
technical-grade sulfuric acid
technically lagging behind the Japanese
technically, a bank's reserves belong to the stockholders
technically, the term is no longer used by experts
technocracy was described as that society in which those who govern justify themselves by appeal to technical experts who justify themselves by appeal to scientific forms of knowledge
technological development
technologically impossible
technology to help the elderly and the disabled
tectonic plates
tectonic valleys
tedious days on the train
tee golf balls
tee two pipes
teenage mothers
teenagers eager to escape restrictive home environments
teenagers slopping around in unlaced sneakers
telegraphic economy of words
telegraphic news reports
telephonic connection
telescopic vision
television cameras were admitted in the courtroom
television plays a dominant role in molding public opinion
television viewers
tell me what is bothering you
tell me what you think--and you may just as well be frank
telomeres act as caps to keep the sticky ends of chromosomes from randomly clumping together
temper glass
temper steel
temperamental indifference to neatness
temperamental peculiarities
temperamentally rebellious
temperamentally suited to each other
temperate in his eating and drinking
temperate in his habits
temperate in his response to criticism
temperate plants
temperature of plus 5 degrees
tempered glass
temporal and spacial boundaries
temporal bone
temporal dimensions
temporal joys
temporal matters of but fleeting moment
temporal possessions of the church
temporal processing
temporally processed
temporary housing
temptation-proof
ten days after the bloodletting Hitler gave the action its name
ten demerits and he loses his privileges
ten miles long
ten years of age
tenacious burrs
tenacious memory
tend a store
tended to romanticize and exaggerate this `gracious Old South' imagery
tender beef
tender feet
tender green shoots
tender loving care
tender memories
tenderize meat
tenderized meat
tenderly she placed her arms round him
tennis has had to take a backseat while his work is so demanding
tenor voice
tense piano strings
tense the rope manually before tensing the spring
tensile pull
tensile stress
tension holds the belt in the pulleys
tensions exist on both sides of the demilitarized zone separating North Korea and South Korea
tepid bath water
term insurance is most often associated with life insurance policies
terminable employees
terminal buds on a branch
terminal cancer
terminal charges
terminal examinations
terminal leave
terminal payments
terminally ill
terminological disputes
termites were responsible for the damage
terrestrial carnivores have four or five clawed digits on each limb
terrestrially adapted
terrestrially changeable
terrible handwriting
terribly afraid of offending someone
terribly interesting
territorial behavior
territorial claims made by a country
territorial disputes were resolved in Guatemala's recognition of Belize in 1991
territorial rights
territorially important
terrorist acts that shocked the civilized world
terrorists make extensive use of hawala
tertian fever
tessellate the kitchen floor
test pilots try to push the envelope
testaceous fish
tested and found wanting
testicular cancer
testimonial dinner
testimony consistent with the known facts
testosterone is responsible for the male sex drive
tests for rating numerical aptitude
tests were conducted to determine paternity
tether horses
text and commentary thereon
text set with ragged right margins
textile research
textual analysis
th' inaudible and noiseless foot of time
thanked her for her kind letter
thankfully he didn't come to the party
thanks for the laugh
thanks heaps
thanks to hard work it was a great success
thanks to that quack I am a human wreck
thanks to the gracious gods
that area is off-limits
that area is restricted to security personnel only
that artificial humility that her husband hated
that baby is a dribbler; he needs a bib
that bank holds the mortgage on my home
that beautiful but temperamental instrument the flute
that book is a fraud
that book is one of my favorites
that boy is powerful big now
that candidate does not have sufficient visibility to win an election
that car is in the wrong traffic lane
that car is too expensive for my pocketbook
that ceremony is just for show
that chap is your host
that edition is out of print
that editorial was a fine piece of writing
that elusive thing the soul
that engrossed look or rapt delight
that escape from the consequences is possible but unattractive
that exam was a real killer
that fateful meeting of the U.N. when...it declared war on North Korea
that guy gave me the willies
that hat is my property
that idea was in the ascendant
that intangible thing--the soul
that interpretation is an unfortunate defect of our lack of information
that is a moot question
that is enough for the present
that is his cross to bear
that is one fine dog
that is one possible answer
that is the correct pronunciation
that is the least of my concerns
that is typical of you!
that kid is a terrible pain
that language has a complex system for indicating gender
that liberal obedience without which your army would be a base rabble
that man there
that mountain is solid rock
that movie was pure corn
that movie was the sleeper of the summer
that new Broadway show is a real smasher
that offer was a dirty trick
that old Broadway play really has legs
that old bike without rubber tires was a real boneshaker
that painful experience certainly got our attention
that place gave me bad vibrations
that queer, cosmopolitan, rather sinister crowd found around the Marseilles docks
that question really put him on the spot
that raddled but still noble face
that rare thing in the wintertime; a small child with a dry nose
that restaurant has excellent service
that restaurant's menu lacks diversification; every day it is the same
that result is of no consequence
that rule is no longer in operation
that salesman must have practiced his fast line of talk
that serves him right
that singularity distinguished him from all his companions
that smoking causes health problems is an accomplished fact
that song was his first hit and marked the beginning of his career
that store offers a variety of products
that story was a corker
that style is in favor this season
that style is out these days
that style is something extrinsic to the subject
that tax bill had the senator's fingerprints all over it
that tie makes a good match with your jacket
that unsuprised obstinate look on his face
that villain needs a good horsewhipping
that was a narrow escape
that was not the case
that was some party
that was the shipwreck of their romance
that was the time he came nearest to death
that which is created is of necessity corporeal and visible and tangible
that will never do
that wretched beast, the elephant, breathing inoffensively not a pace behind me
that year there was a crop failure
that's a cockeyed idea
that's a crock
that's a fine how-d'ye-do
that's a load off my mind
that's a lot of wind
that's a perfectly spiffing idea
that's a real puzzler
that's another (or different) issue altogether
that's cool
that's quite a situation
that's the size of the situation
that's the way it is
that's unfortunate but it isn't the end of the world
that's very big of you to be so forgiving
that's white of you
thatch the roofs
the 15th century plagues left vast areas of Europe depopulated
the 1920s had a style of their own
the 1963 playbook leaves out the whole first scene
the 1995 bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma City was an instance of domestic terrorism
the 20th century has seen too many assassinated leaders
the 48 conterminous states
the 8th inning found the home team trailing
the ASCII character set is the most universal character coding set
the AUC conducted over 800 assassinations in one year
the African-American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing
the Ainu are indigenous to the northernmost islands of Japan
the Air Force will keep fighters on strip alert at bases around the country
the Alabamas were members of the Creek Confederacy
the Aleut and the Eskimo are related culturally and linguistically
the Allied armies
the Allied powers
the Alpha and Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end
the Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end
the American Legion
the American colony in Paris
the American constitution has provided a pattern for many republics
the American dream
the American hemisphere
the American presidency is a bully pulpit
the American public is experiencing scandal fatigue
the American shopkeeper differs from his European congener
the Americans fought a bloody war to prove that their nation is not divisible
the Amharic language
the Anasazi built cliff dwellings in the southwestern United States
the Andorran hills
the Angolan Civil War
the Arctic summer
the Atlantic coastal plain
the Augustan Age
the Axis opposed the Allies in World War II
the Azores are strategically located on transatlantic air and shipping routes
the BBC's engineering division
the Balkans are the tinderbox of Europe
the Bantu population of Sierra Leone
the Bantu-speaking people of Africa
the Battle of Kerbala is the basis for the Ta'ziyehs that are performed annually
the Bavarian was outlandishly dressed in lederhosen
the Beatles were heraldic of a new style of music
the Beijing dialect uses four tones
the Belgian Queen
the Bible should be demythologized and examined for its historical value
the Bight of Benin
the Bills' upset victory over the Houston Oilers
the Blessed Trinity
the British Home Office has broader responsibilities than the United States Department of the Interior
the British are more aware of social status than Americans are
the British call Z zed and the Scots call it ezed but Americans call it zee
the British call a contemptible person a `git'
the British call a railroad tie a sleeper
the British call a tv set a telly
the British colonization of America
the British created a great empire
the British get `pud' from `pudding' by apocope
the British have tea breaks
the British like to keep a stiff upper lip
the British ships dropped anchor and waited for orders from London
the British term for arson is fire-raising
the Briton inhabitants of England
the Bulgarian capital is Sofia
the Burmese capital
the Burundi capital
the Byzantine tax structure
the CEO resigned on the coattails of the scandal
the CIA chief of station accepted responsibility for his agents' failures of tradecraft
the CPU and the memory form the central part of a computer to which the peripherals are attached
the Cameroonian capital
the Canadian Hansard is published in both English and French
the Canadian dollar has the image of loon on one side of the coin
the Canadian government scrapped plans to tax the grants to aboriginal college students
the Cardinal attended the consecration of the church
the Catholic Church
the Catholic Church considers the Pope infallible
the Celestial City was Christian's goal in Bunyan's `Pilgrim's Progress'
the Celtic languages of Britain are a substrate for English
the Census Bureau
the Central Intelligence Agency
the Chadian desert
the Chinese reverence for the dead
the Christmas tree was fancifully decorated
the Church was...theoretically inerrant and omnicompetent
the Cimmerian gloom...a darkness that could be felt
the Confederate army was a vast grey
the Confederate side was prepared to attack
the Congolese republic
the Conservative manifesto is a model of vagueness
the Continental Army
the Continental Congress
the Costa Rican rain forest
the Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England
the Crusaders overran much of the Holy Land
the Crusaders tried to recapture the Holy Land from the Muslims
the Czars ruled Russia autocratically
the DOE is responsible for maintaining the energy policy
the Dead Sea Scrolls provide information about Judaism and the Bible around the time of Jesus
the Democratic Party is an umbrella for many liberal groups
the Democratic Patry platform united several splinter groups
the Department of State was created in 1789
the Doctors of the Church greatly influenced Christian thought down to the late Middle Ages
the Dominican population
the Dow Jones Industrial Average is the most widely cited indicator of how the stock market is doing
the Dutch are famous for their tulips
the Earl of Warwick was the first kingmaker
the Early Hebrew alphabetical script is that used mainly from the 11th to the 6th centuries B.C.
the Earth is an ellipsoid
the Earth moves around the sun
the Earth revolves around the Sun
the Eastern establishment
the Eastern religions
the Ebola virus is believed to be zoonotic
the Egyptian pyramids developed from the mastaba
the Einsteinian universe
the English judiciary wear their traditional horsehair wigs
the English landed aristocracy
the English lived genteelly in India
the English renounced judicial torture in 1640
the English vowel sounds in `bate', `beat', `bite', `boat', `boot' are long
the English vowel sounds in `pat', `pet', `pit', `pot', putt' are short
the Englishman said he had a good bathe
the Enlightenment brought about many humanitarian reforms
the Episcopal hierarchy
the Epsom race meeting was an important social event
the Eucharistic cup
the Eurasian landmass is the largest in the world
the Fabian society
the Fed seeks to control the United States economy by raising and lowering short-term interest rates and the money supply
the Federal Bureau of Investigation
the Fijian population
the Fisher Act of 1918 decisively raised their status and pay
the Flemish population of Belgium
the Florida eagles have a fierce baleful look
the French Academy sets standards for the use of the French language
the French Foreign Legion
the French King was beheaded during the Revolution
the French annexation of Madagascar as a colony in 1896
the French expeditionary force in Indochina
the French treat food with gentle reverence
the GIA has embarked on a terrorist campaign of civilian massacres
the Gaelic language being uncommonly vocalic
the Gallic Wars
the Genoese sailor we call Columbus
the Georgian capital is Tbilisi
the Georgian colony
the Georgian state capital is Atlanta
the Germanic branch of Indo-European languages
the Germanic sound shifts
the Germans were desperately trying to contain the Anzio beachhead
the Gothic Bible translation
the Gothic revival in architecture
the Grand Canyon is an awe-inspiring sight
the Great Australian Bight
the Greek alphabet has 24 characters
the Greek ethos
the Grenadian capital
the Guyanese capital
the HIV test was negative
the Hindu faith
the Hispanic population of California is growing rapidly
the Holy Spirit is the indweller of the church and its members
the House of York
the IBM main frame computers have been the workhorse of the business world
the ICC was established in 1887 as the first federal agency
the Icelandic president is a woman
the Incas believed that Cuzco was the navel of the universe
the Indian subcontinent
the Iraqi Mukhabarat has been involved in numerous terrorist activities
the Irish have a penchant for blarney
the Israeli web site was damaged by hostile hackers
the Italian beginning of the Renaissance
the Jamaican Prime Minister
the Japanese Emperor
the Japanese use many honorifics
the Japanese were active last week on the diplomatic front
the Judaic idea of justice
the Judeo-Christian tradition
the Julian calendar
the Kalashnikov culture in Afghanistan
the Kashmiri mountains
the Kudzu plant infests much of the South and is spreading to the North
the Laotian Prime Minister
the Latin Quarter
the Levantine coast
the Libyan desert
the Lilliputian population
the Lorentz force can be used to suspend a current-carrying object between two magnets
the Los Angeles aqueduct winds like an immense snake along the base of the mountains
the Lutheran doctrine of justification by faith alone
the Magi came from afar
the Manchurian invasion
the Manx fishing industry
the Marines are expected to perform prodigies of valor
the Marshall Plan helped Europe recover from World War II
the Masterworks concert series
the McGuffin was a key element of Alfred Hitchcock's films
the Mercurial canals
the Middle East is the cradle of Western civilization
the Milky Way travels through intergalactic space
the Minoan palace at Knossos
the Mississippi River delta
the Missouri feeds into the Mississippi
the Mohorovicic discontinuity averages 5 miles down under oceans and 20 miles down under continents
the Mongol invaders
the Mongolian embassy
the Moon was bright enough to read by
the Mull of Kintyre
the Nazi assumption of power in 1934
the Nazi interpretation of history
the New World
the Nigerian capital used to be Lagos
the Nile delta
the Nobel Prize is awarded in Stockholm
the Norman Invasion in 1066
the North Pole and the South Pole are antipodes
the North's superior resources turned the scale
the Nubian desert stretched out before them endlessly
the Old French MARBRE became the English MARBLE by dissimilation
the Olympic Games were a Panhellenic celebration
the PC had three slots for additional memory
the Pakistan government decided to close down madrasas that provided military training for their students
the Pakistani president promised no first strike against India
the Pennsylvania Dutch tole watering can might be a reproduction but it looks convincing
the Philhellenic Society
the Philippine President
the Pietistic movement
the Post Office honors great Americans philatelically
the Post Office issued a series commemorating famous American entertainers
the Pre-Raphaelite painters
the President is at the helm of the Ship of State
the President likes to jog every morning
the President's assurances were not respected
the President's inaugural address
the President's wife is an eminence grise in matters of education
the Prime Minister lives at No. 10 Downing Street
the Prime Minister was wearing a grey suit and a white shirt with a soft collar, but his neck had become thinner and the collar stood away from it as if it had been bought haphazard
the Princess was gorgeously dressed
the Prohibition amendment made bootlegging profitable
the Ptolemaic system with its built-in concept of periodicity
the Punic Wars
the Puritan Period was lacking in color
the Puritan ethic
the Qaeda commander is a very big fish
the Qatari ruling family
the Quran is divided in 114 suras
the Rangers outfought the Maple Leafs
the Red Cross created a blood bank for emergencies
the Reign of the Bourbons ended and the Reign of Terror began
the Republican nomination for Governor
the Revolutionary era
the Riviera contains some of Europe's most popular resorts
the Roman Catholic Church
the Roman Janus is bifacial
the Roman eagle
the Romans had no pity for the defeated
the Royal Society
the Russian Empire was a typical incorporative state
the Russian system of nominal brevity
the Russians called their astronauts cosmonauts
the Russians had to pull off a Dunkirk to get out of there
the Saudi royal family
the Saudi-Arabian desert
the Scots are famous for their economy
the Scots community in New York
the Senate unanimously approved the bill
the Shakespearean Shylock is of dubious value in the modern world
the Shawnee nation
the Shin Bet also handles overall security for Israel's national airline
the Siberian tundra
the Sicilian Mafia
the Singaporean main street
the Sinhalese versions of the Ramayana
the Sisters taught her to love God
the Slav population of Georgia
the Soviet Union
the Soviets said they wanted to increase trade with Europe
the Spanish Inquisition was administered by both civil and church authorities which gave it ultimate power
the Spanish people
the Spanish ships had superior speed and weatherliness
the Spenserian stanza was introduced by Edmund Spenser in The Faerie Queene
the Stealth bomber made its maiden flight in 1989
the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks placed limits on the deployment of ABMs
the Sudanese desert
the Sunday service
the Supreme Court has the power to stay an injunction pending an appeal to the whole Court
the Swedish King
the Swiss army
the Syrian government
the TV program has a new time slot
the Taiwanese capital is Taipeh
the Taliban enforced a strict Muslim code of behavior
the Taliban forced all women to wear the burqa
the Tamil Tigers perfected suicide bombing as a weapon of war
the Thai border with Laos
the Thanksgiving feast
the Third World's teeming millions
the Times is not the voice of New York
the Togolese capital
the Treasury will find some clawback for the extra benefits members received
the Union action of emancipating Southern slaves
the Union army was a vast blue
the United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues
the United States Constitution declares itself to be `the supreme law of the land'
the United States cannot police all of the world's hot spots
the United States has pursued a beggar-my-neighbor policy
the United States is the home of basketball
the United States sent military advisors to Guatemala
the United States shall guarantee to every state in this union a republican form of government
the United States, up to the 1920s, used fuel lavishly, mainly because it was so cheap
the University suspended the most recalcitrant demonstrators
the Uzi is used throughout the world as a police and special forces firearm
the Vedanta philosophy developed from the pantheistic views of the Upanishads
the Vedic literature
the Venetian school of painting
the Victorian era redux
the Vietnamese countryside
the Vietnamese tones
the Virgin lived in a state of grace
the Warsaw ghetto
the Welsh coast
the Welsh marches between England and Wales
the West's far-flung mountain ranges
the Western world
the White House press corps
the White House thought it best not to respond
the Wollemi pine found in Australia is a surviving specimen of a conifer thought to have been long extinct and therefore known as a living fossil
the X-ray showed moderate enlargement of the heart
the Yankees scored 3 runs in the bottom of the 9th
the Zionist leader Theodor Herzl
the Zionist movement
the `n' in `thinness' is a geminate
the abaxial surface of a leaf is the underside or side facing away from the stem
the abbreviated speech
the abolition of capital punishment
the aboral surface of a starfish
the aboriginal peoples of Australia
the abruptly terminated interview
the absence of fences created a mysterious intimacy in which no one knew privacy
the absoluteness of the pope's decree could not be challenged
the absorbed light intensity
the absorption of photons by atoms or molecules
the absurd excuse that the dog ate his homework
the absurd predicament of seeming to argue that virtue is highly desirable but intensely unpleasant
the abuse of public funds
the abyssal depths of the ocean
the academic curriculum
the accident blocked all traffic at the rotary
the accident claimed three lives
the accident left her badly shaken
the accident left others discouraged about going there
the accompanist picked up the idea and elaborated it
the accordance to Canada of rights of access
the account of his speech that was given on the evening news made the governor furious
the account was circumstantially accurate
the accountant absconded with the cash from the safe
the accounting was accurate
the ace of trumps is a sure winner
the acetylation of cyclooxygenase-2 by aspirin
the acknowledged leader of the community
the acknowledgments are usually printed at the front of a book
the acquisition gave the company a safe harbor
the acquisition of one company by another
the acquisition of wealth
the acrid smell of burning rubber
the acridity of alkali
the acrobat performed incredible contortions
the act provided a continuing annual appropriation
the acting president
the action is no longer in technology stocks but in municipal bonds
the action of natural forces
the action teams worked in partnership with the government
the action was not offensive to him but proved somewhat disobliging
the active iodinating species
the actor forgot his speech
the actor struck just the right attitude
the actor's memorization of his lines
the actor's performance was wooden
the actors moved further and further downstage
the actors tried to create a realistic portrayal of the Africans
the actors were waiting offstage
the actual attained achievement test score
the actual things that produced the emotion you experienced
the acute phase of the illness
the ad took up a full page
the adaptive coloring of a chameleon
the addition of a bathroom was a major improvement
the addition of a leap day every four years
the addition of cinnamon improved the flavor
the addition of flowers created a pleasing effect
the adhesion of Seville was decisive
the adhesion of cementitious materials
the adjuvant action of certain bacteria
the admiral intends to act offensively in the Mediterranean
the admission charge
the adoption of their amendments would have amounted to an evisceration of the act
the adulterating effect of extraneous materials
the advanced teaching methods
the advantages of instant coffee are speed of preparation and long shelf life
the advent of settled civilization
the advent of the computer
the adventure ended tragically
the adversative conjunction `but' in `poor but happy'
the advertising campaign put them out front in sales
the aeration of the soil
the aesthetic faculties
the affair is over, ended, finished
the affixed labels
the aftermath of war
the afternoon had begun so promisingly
the afternoon heat left her feeling wilted
the afternoon was hot, quiet, and heavy with languor
the ageless themes of love and revenge
the agency got a finder's fee when their candidate was hired as the new CEO
the agency got the kid-glove treatment on Capitol Hill
the agency of providence
the agency provided placement services
the agency was created for the implementation of the policy
the agents report back to their authorizers
the aggrandizement of the king
the aggravation of her condition resulted from lack of care
the aggregated amount of indebtedness
the agitated mixture foamed and bubbled
the agony of the doomed was in his voice
the agreed line was to involve at several points the withdrawal of French troops from positions which they had quite securely held
the agreement is not yet set in stone
the agreement was a triumph for common sense
the agreement was a watershed in the history of both nations
the agreement was mutually satisfactory
the agrestic behavior of a country boy
the air conditioning was blasting cold air at us
the air is clear and clean
the air near the foundry was always dirty
the air of homespun country boys
the air was refreshingly cool
the air was warm and close--palpable as cotton
the airlift provided a lifeline for Berlin
the airplane cabin is pressurized
the airplanes upended
the airport is the economic hub of the area
the airport was filled with stormbound passengers
the alae of a maple seed
the alae of the nose
the alarm clangored throughout the building
the alchemists believed that there were four elements
the alchemists were unable to accept the inconvertible nature of elemental metals
the aleatory element in life
the alimentary canal
the alimentary tract is partially sacculated
the alkaline inclination of the local waters
the all-embracing totality of the state
the all-important subject of disarmament
the allegations proved groundless
the allowed number of standees is posted
the almost self-conscious flatness of Hemingway's style
the alpha male in the group of chimpanzees
the alpha star in a constellation is the brightest or main star
the alterations in the document were ruled to be criminally fraudulent
the altered policy promised success
the alternatives that are variously represented by the participants
the altitude gave her a headache
the alumni followed a program of annual giving
the amalgamated colleges constituted a university
the amateur is closely related to the collector
the ambient air
the ambient temperature
the ambit of municipal legislation
the amended bill passed easily
the amoral, jaded, bored upper classes
the amount he had in cash was insufficient
the amount of energy falling on the earth is given by the solar constant, but very little use has been made of solar energy
the amount of litigation resulting from minor accidents is reduced by no fault insurance
the amount of money required was staggering
the amount still owed
the amount was paid in full
the ampleness of her servings more than satisfied his hunger
the amputee's illusion of a phantom limb
the analogical use of a metaphor
the analyzed data indicated surprising trends
the anchor fell plump into the sea
the anchor is up
the ancient Greek philosophers Democritus and Epicurus held atomic theories of the universe
the ancient Greeks believed that nymphs inhabited forests and bodies of water
the ancient and cosmopolitan societies of Syria and Egypt
the ancients believed that blood was the seat of the emotions
the andirons were too hot to touch
the anesthetic left her completely disoriented
the angels ministrant sang
the angry man was frothing at the mouth
the animal constituent of plankton
the animal died a painful death
the animal's left side is its near or nigh side
the animals were killed wantonly for sport
the ankle bone articulates with the leg bones to form the ankle bones
the announcement appeared in the local newspaper
the announcement of the election recount caused a lot of noise
the annual crop of students brings a new crop of ideas
the annual rejuvenation of the landscape
the annulment of their marriage resulted in the bastardization of their children
the anodyne properties of certain drugs
the answer is obviously wrong
the answer was at first unapparent
the answers were healthily individual
the answers were in the back of the book
the antarctic expedition sledged along the coastline
the antenna received signals with no directivity
the anthropologist was impressed by the reconditeness of the native proverbs
the anticlimax of a brilliant career
the antihistamine made her feel more comfortable
the antipopes resided in Avignon during the Great Schism
the antique fear that days would dwindle away to complete darkness
the antis smelled victory after a long battle
the antiseptic effect of alcohol
the antiseptic effect of sturdy criticism
the anxious child needs supporting and accepting treatment from the teacher
the apartment was completely furnished
the apartment was immaculate
the aphotic depths of the sea where no photosynthesis occurs
the appeasing concessions to the Nazis at Munich
the appellate court demanded the production of all documents
the appellative faculty of children
the appellative function of some primitive rites
the appendicular skeleton
the appendix is an offshoot of the cecum
the apple trees fructify
the application of indexes to tables of data
the application of maximum thrust
the application of the law was extended farther
the appointment had to be approved by the whole committee
the apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives is based on the relative population of each state
the approach of winter
the approaching election
the approximate time was 10 o'clock
the apricots cure in the sun
the aptness of iron to rust
the arbiter will have the last say
the arbitral adjustment of the controversy
the arbitrary rule of a dictator
the arbitrator's authority derived from the consent of the disputants
the arbor provided a shady resting place in the park
the arcane science of dowsing
the archeologists chanced upon an old tomb
the archeologists could date the vase because it was in situ
the archeologists left the pottery in place
the architect has a theory that more is less
the architect left space in front of the building
the architect's brilliant conceit was to build the house around the tree
the architecture of a computer's system software
the architecture was a kind of bastard suggesting Gothic but not true Gothic
the archives provided rich material for a definitive biography
the arduous work of preparing a dictionary
the area covered can be seen from Figure 2
the area is slenderly endowed with natural resources
the area is well populated
the area of a rectangle
the area was poor in timber and coal
the area was spectacularly scenic
the argument over foreign aid goes on and on
the argument was essentially a technical one
the argument went on lengthily
the arguments of the symmetric relation, `is a sister of,' are interchangeable
the arguments of the symmetric relation, `is the father of', are noninterchangeable
the arm of the record player
the armies met in the shock of battle
the armies were afield, challenging the enemy's advance
the armless Venus de Milo
the arms program is now self-propelled
the army girl, tall and demurely pretty, threw a quick side-glance at her
the army made a final stand at the Rhone
the army made a push toward the sea
the army maintains a missile range in the desert
the army preoccupied the hills
the army retreated in confusion
the army was in the field awaiting action
the army will make a man of you
the army's enveloping maneuver
the army's only defeat
the aroma of new-made bread
the aroused opposition
the arrangement of the furniture
the arrow struck home
the arrow was wide of the mark
the arrow went wide of the mark
the art book has art to sell, insinuatingly, and for a purpose, like the American muse, which has in fact a tradition to sell, and one which doesn't exist, in painting
the art collection grew through accession
the art of conversation
the art of the natives of the northwest coast
the arterial system
the arteries were diffusely narrowed
the artful dodger
the article includes mention of similar clinical cases
the article was a very good read
the articular surfaces of bones
the articulation of my feelings
the articulation of the radius and ulna in the arm is a pivot joint
the artificial hip joint luxated and had to be put back surgically
the artillery battered down the defenses
the artist had put together a portfolio of his work
the artist's gifts are at their acme
the artists and repertoire department of a recording label is responsible for finding new talent
the arts are in no kind of forwardness in this matter
the ascending plane
the ascending staircase
the ascending stems of chickweed
the ascription to me of honors I had not earned
the aspectual system of Greek
the asperity of northern winters
the assembly line was on a 12-hour run
the assembly plant is an enormous facility
the asserted value of the painting
the assessable qualities of art
the assessment for repairs outraged the club's membership
the assignment was to make a construction that could be used in proving the Pythagorean theorem
the assistant masters formed a committee of their own to consider what could be done educationally for the town
the association should get rid of its elderly members--not by euthanasia, of course, but by Coventry
the assumed reason for his absence
the astronauts relied on their life-support systems
the astronauts walked in outer space without a tether
the asymptote of the curve
the atmosphere was judged to be more supporting and accepting
the atmosphere was oppressive
the atmosphere was thick with fog
the atomic clock enabled scientists to measure time with much greater accuracy
the atomic reactor used a gas coolant
the attack began at dawn
the attack wiped out our forward bases
the attackers volleyed gunshots at the civilians
the attacks of Armata Corsa are aimed at symbolic targets of colonialism in Corsica
the attainment of independence
the attending physician
the attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus
the attribution of language to birds
the attribution of lighting to an expression of God's wrath
the audience applauded
the audience consisted largely of repeaters who had seen the movie many times
the audience could hear his prompting
the audience remained seated
the audience was full of Madonna wannabes
the audience was held by the substance of the play rather than by the superficies of the production
the auditor did not attend the stocktake or check the valuations
the auditor was required to produce his working papers
the auditorium was full to overflowing
the author gives a depressing picture of life in Poland
the author got all his friends to write blurbs for his book
the author inadvertently reveals the murderer in the penultimate chapter
the author of numerous unperformed plays
the author treats his subject penetratingly
the author's description of the banquet called up delicious aromas
the author's elusiveness may at times be construed as evasiveness
the authorities broad-mindedly permitted the opening of a center for teenagers
the authorities have issued a curfew
the authorized biography
the authorship of the theory is disputed
the autochthonal fauna of Australia includes the kangaroo
the automatic shrinking of the pupils of the eye in strong light
the automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips
the autumnal equinox
the average American...is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal and economic and governmental actions...beyond the normal citizen's comprehension and control
the average distance to the Moon is 384,400 kilometers
the average income in New England is below that of the nation
the average menstrual cycle is 28 days
the average return was about 5%
the awakened baby began to cry
the awesome complexity of the universe
the awful war
the awkward design of the keyboard made operation difficult
the axes are perpendicular to each other
the axis of an oblique cone is not perpendicular to its base
the azygous muscle of the uvula
the baby began to cry again
the baby can walk pretty good
the baby cried the whole trip home
the baby is mighty cute
the baby is sleeping soundly
the baby looked around curiously
the baby of the Supreme Court
the baby of the family
the baby sucked on the mother's breast
the baby talks already
the baby was a boy
the baby was a girl
the baby was almost asleep when the alarm sounded
the baby was quiet for a while
the back entrance
the back hall is an inconvenient place for the telephone
the back of the dental chair was adjustable
the back yard
the backbone is the part of a communication network that carries the heaviest traffic
the backpacking of oxygen is essential for astronauts
the bacteria quickly aerosolised
the balconied houses of New Orleans
the balcony overlooking the ballroom
the bald eagle is representative of the United States
the ball at the base of the thumb
the ball field was playable
the ball has a titanium core
the ball hit the pocket and gave him a perfect strike
the ball hit the rim and bounced off
the ball rimmed the basket
the ball rolled across the green and into the bunker
the ball rolled into the corner pocket
the ball sailed between the uprights
the ball shattered the window
the ball travelled 90 mph on his serve
the ball was already emptying out before the fire alarm sounded
the ball was still in play
the ballet struck me as extraneous and somewhat out of keeping with the rest of the play
the balloon cleared the tree tops
the band played a fast fox trot
the band played a slow waltz
the band played loudly
the bandaged wound on the back of his head
the bane of my life
the banjo had a long neck
the bank announced its first loan to a post-communist country
the bank became our mortgagee when it accepted our mortgage on our new home
the bank is on the corner of Nassau and Witherspoon
the bank is solid and will survive this attack
the banker absconded with embezzled funds
the barbarians sacked Rome
the barber did a real job on my hair
the barber gave him a good cut
the bare skeleton of a novel
the bare walls
the barefoot boy
the barn spider was made famous in E. B. White's book `Charlotte's Web'
the barometer gave clear indications of an approaching storm
the barren inhospitable desert
the barrens of central Africa
the bartender was chummy with the regular customers
the base of the lamp
the base of the mountain
the base of the skull
the base of the tower was below grade
the base of the triangle
the baseball fan reached out and caught a foul that was judged playable
the baseball game was canceled because of the wateriness of the outfield
the basement was inundated after the storm
the basic car is known as the vanilla version
the basic ingredients
the basilar membrane of the cochlea
the basin of the Great Salt Lake
the basis of this drink is orange juice
the basketball made a thunk as it hit the rim
the bat met the ball squarely
the bathers enjoyed the cool water
the bathroom could be warmed by an infrared lamp
the battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self
the batter flied out to left
the batter hit a liner to the shortstop
the batter just missed being hit
the batter singled to left field
the battered woman syndrome
the battery had a short life
the battery needed a fresh charge
the battle began with a cavalry charge
the battle ended indecisively; neither side had clearly won but neither side admitted defeat
the battle for the computer market has now reached critical mass
the battle was a disastrous end to a disastrous campaign
the battle was won except for cleaning up pockets of resistance
the bayous and backwaters are breeding grounds for mosquitos
the beaming sun
the beaten-up old Ford
the beautiful antique French furniture
the beautiful coordination of his disciplined muscles
the beautiful sound of music
the bee exserted its sting
the beer had a large head of foam
the beer had a thick head of foam
the beer was stale
the beggar was disgustingly filthy
the beggar's bedraggled clothes
the beginning canto of the poem
the beginning of the war
the behavior of small particles can be studied in experiments
the beheaded prisoners
the belching of smoke from factory chimneys
the belief that classes and organizations are secondary and derived
the bell was a signal for the rallying of the whole neighborhood
the bells rang
the belly dancer mover sensually among the tables
the belly of a sail
the beneficial effects of NSAIDs result from their ability to block Cox-2
the beneficial effects of a temperate climate
the benefits are cumulative
the benefits of his worldly wisdom
the benign influence of pure air
the benign ruler of millions
the benign sky
the bent backs of laboring slaves picking cotton
the benumbed intellectual faculties can no longer respond
the bereaved do not always need to be taken care of
the besieged town
the besiegers used starvation to induce surrender
the best con man of all time
the best doctors would stay resentfully out of the national service, refusing to become the minions of a Minister
the best film of the year
the best mirror is an old friend
the best results are generally obtained by inserting the needle into the point of maximum tenderness
the best solution
the best student was a transfer from LSU
the best time for planting
the better-known book of the two
the biauricular diameter of the skull
the bicameral heart of a fish
the biceps and triceps are antagonistic muscles
the bicyclists must be hydrated frequently
the biform body of a mermaid
the big bell bonged
the big cities were notoriously in the hands of the oligarchy of local businessmen
the big city's subversion of rural innocence
the big elm tree obscures our view of the valley
the big hand counts the minutes
the big ship wharfed in the evening
the biggest police operation in French history
the biggest tree in existence
the biggest upset since David beat Goliath
the bike was a jimdandy
the bill provided traineeships in vocational rehabilitation
the bill was astronomically high
the bill was payable bimonthly
the bill's path through the legislature was smooth and orderly
the bimorphemic word `rays'
the binary number system has two as its base
the biologist grows microorganisms
the biology of viruses
the bipolar distribution of certain species
the biramous appendages of an arthropod
the bird had a knot of feathers forming a crest
the bird ruffled its feathers
the birds alighted
the birds are fewer this year
the birds were chirping in the bushes
the birthday of this city is being celebrated centennially
the birthplace of civilization
the bishop moves on the diagonals
the bite of satire
the bitter truth
the bizarre hallucinatory dreams of fever
the black
the black and yellow banding of bees and wasps
the black economy pays no taxes
the black spot told the old sailor he was doomed
the black walls rose starkly from the snow
the blade turned uppermost
the blandness of his confession enraged the judge
the blaring noise of trumpets
the blase traveler refers to the ocean he has crossed as `the pond'
the blasting effects of the intense cold on the budding fruit
the blasting force of the wind blowing sharp needles of sleet in our faces
the blatancy of his attempt to whitewash the crime was unforgivable
the blaze spread rapidly
the blazing sun
the bleak treeless regions of the high Andes
the blessed assurance of a steady income
the blighted neighborhood underwent a total makeover
the blind are too often objects of pity
the block is then tested hydraulically to its full design test pressure on each stream separately
the blockaded harbor
the blockading ships prevented delivery of munitions
the blood vessel thrombosed
the blood vessels anastomose
the blood was examined microscopically
the blood was flowing thick
the blood was flowing thin
the blood-filled centers of arteries and veins
the bloodless carcass of my Hector sold
the blossoms were kissed by the soft rain
the blow caught him napping
the blue plate special
the blue wall cracked when some officers refused to take part in the cover-up
the blue-blooded aristocracy
the blue-ribbon event of the season
the bluejay's insistent cry
the blunt truth
the bluntness of a Yorkshireman
the blurred aims of the group
the blushing boy was brought before the Principal
the board has seven members
the board of trustees divested $20 million in real estate property
the board was a foot short
the boat drifted on the lake
the boat entered an area of shallow marshes
the boat had a metallic finish
the boat headed into the chop
the boat is meretriciously decorated
the boat limped into the harbor
the boat lurched ahead
the boat ran aground on a submerged bar in the river
the boat was 5 miles off (or away)
the boat was set adrift
the boats surged
the boats were held together by lashings
the body has a system of organs for digestion
the body is spindle-shaped and only slightly compressed laterally
the body lay in a pool of blood
the body must cared for hygienically
the body normally has about 15 quarts of extracellular fluid
the body of the car was badly rusted
the body of the message was short
the body was hanging limply from the tree
the body was rigidly erect
the bodybuilder's neck muscles tensed
the bolt slipped into place
the bolts are tight
the bomb detonated at noon
the bomb did fantastic damage
the bombing was a wake-up call to strengthen domestic security
the bombs are dropping on enemy targets
the bond is subject to taxation
the bond was marked `payable to bearer'
the bonds of highest quality are said to have bond ratings of AAA
the bonds were transmitted by carrier
the bony excrescence between its horns
the bony framework of the body
the book contains an excellent discussion of modal logic
the book had a leather binding
the book had an important impact on my thinking
the book is a workmanlike job with chronology and bibliography and index
the book is an indictment of modern philosophy
the book is episodic and the incidents don't always hang together
the book is practically introuvable
the book is still unrevised
the book is value-oriented throughout
the book met with modest acclaim
the book of Isaiah
the book packs a wallop
the book still has its original binding
the book underwent fundamental changes
the book wallah
the book was entitled, immodestly, `All about Wisdom'
the book was full of errors
the book was her finest effort
the book was in good condition except for a dig in the back cover
the book was published under a distinguished imprint
the book will appear shortly
the book's plot is simply incredible
the book's publication was well timed
the bookkeeper used pages that were divided into columns
the books all lay together...
the books are lying on the shelf
the books lay all together in a heap
the books were piled up helter-skelter
the bootlegging of videotapes is common in Asia
the border between the United States and Canada is the longest unguarded border in the world
the boreal signs of the Zodiac
the bored gaze of the successful film star
the boring work alienated his employees
the borrowing of ancient motifs was very apparent
the boss gave me his A-list of people we should try to recruit
the boss hired three more men for the new job
the boss hoped the plan would succeed but he wasn't willing to do the heavy lifting
the boss loves to send us directives
the boss's behavior demoralized everyone in the office
the boss's son had the inside track for that job
the botany of China
the bottle had a wide neck
the bottleneck in mail delivery is the process of sorting
the bottom drawer
the bottom of the window is flush with the floor
the boulder was balanced stably at the edge of the canyon
the boundless regions of the infinite
the bounteous goodness of God
the bountiful earth
the bowstring was twanging
the box was lying on the floor upside down
the box with the ancestors' ashes was emplaced on the top shelf of the house altar
the boxer picked himself up off the canvas
the boxer was a magnificent fighting machine
the boxer was out cold
the boxing champion knocked out his opponent in a few seconds
the boy and the policeman suddenly came face-to-face at the corner
the boy is a younger edition of his father
the boy looked up truculently at his teacher
the boy squirted water at his little sister
the boy still had a fine treble voice
the boy threw himself heartily into his work
the boy was disappointed to find only skeletons instead of living breathing dinosaurs
the boy was punished for the transgressions of his father
the boy's empty yokel-like expression
the boys fought furiously
the boys took a few tokes on a joint
the bracing mountain air
the brain is said to be the seat of reason
the brain was protected from the large molecules of the virus by the blood-brain barrier
the branch with the big peaches on it hung lowest
the branches hung low
the branches of the trees moved soughingly in the breeze
the break in the dam threatened the valley
the break in the eighth frame cost him the match
the break seems to have been caused by a fall
the break was due to an imperfect splice
the breakage was unavoidable
the breakfast nook had a built in table and seats
the breakout was carefully planned
the breathing apparatus
the breeding population
the breeze was cooled by the lake
the brick maker treadles over clay to pick out the stones
the bride smiled radiantly
the bride's train was carried by her two young nephews
the bridge is a grand structure
the bridge is always a chokepoint at rush hour
the bridge is ready to collapse
the bridge still stands though one of the arches is wonky
the bright pageantry of court
the bright sound of the trumpet section
the bright stars of stage and screen
the brightness of the orange sky was reflected in the dullness of the orange sea
the brilliant court life at Versailles
the brilliant orange flowers against the green foliage were a showstopper
the brilliant sound of the trumpets
the briny deep
the broad outlines of the plan
the broadcast reached an audience of millions
the broadcast was interrupted by a fast-breaking news story about the invasion
the broadening of travel
the broken fortunes of the family
the broken limb is likely to fall
the broken syntax and casual enunciation of conversational English
the bronchioles terminate in a capillary bed
the bronchus is situated distally
the brothers were called Felix and Max, respectively
the bruise resulted from a contusion
the brush provided a covert for game
the brutal summer sun
the buccal aspect of the gum
the budding breasts of a pubescent girl and the downy chin of pubescent boy
the building collapsed just as he arrived
the building crumbled after the explosion
the building has a steel skeleton
the building is still unfinished
the building stood foursquare
the building was bombastically spacious
the building was flagged for the holiday
the building was in good repair
the building...frantically baroque
the buildings were badly shaken
the buildings were utilitarian rather than decorative
the buildup of leaves blocked the drain pipes
the built liquid detergents
the built-up areas
the bulb of a syringe
the bulk of the work is finished
the bull was worth good money in servicing fees
the bullet didn't come close
the bullet pinged when they struck the car
the bullet sang past his ear
the bullet-riddled target
the bump threw him off the bicycle
the bundle was tied with a cord
the bungaloid suburbs
the buoys were markers for the channel
the burden of decision was his
the burden of proof rests on the prosecution alone
the burden of responsibility
the burdensome task of preparing the income tax return
the bureaucrats explained smugly that the facts provided by their own experts show no cause for concern
the burglar carried his loot in a pillowcase
the burning of leaves was prohibited by a town ordinance
the burst of an atom bomb creates enormous radiation aloft
the busbar in this computer can transmit data either way between any two components of the system
the bush was trimmed pyramidically
the business decided to concentrate on confectionery and soft drinks
the business is in receivership
the bust of Napoleon stood on a console
the butter cream smothered the cake
the butterfly wings shade to yellow
the buyout negotiation lasted several days
the buzz of a bumble bee
the buzz of excitement was so great that a formal denial was issued
the cabinet is responsible to the parliament
the cabinetmaker used a plane for the finish work
the cables had sagged badly
the cadaver was intended for dissection
the cadenced crunch of marching feet
the caducous calyx of a poppy
the cake fell; it's a doughy mess
the calceiform lip of certain orchids
the calcification of negotiations
the caliber of the students has gone from mediocre to above average
the call of duty
the callers were mothers summoning their children home for dinner
the caloric content of foods
the caloric effect of sunlight
the calorific properties of fuels
the campaign put a favorable spin on the story
the campaign would not leave party loyalties unstrained
the canary escaped from its cage
the cancellation left her unengaged a good part of the afternoon
the cancellation of the concert was due to the rain
the cancer had metastasized and the patient could not be saved
the candidate needs to be externally evaluated
the candidate sent out three large mailings
the candidate sloughed off his former campaign workers
the candidate stumped the Northeast
the candidate was ecclesiastically endorsed
the candidate was found theologically sound
the candidate was unopposed
the candidate's doubtful past
the candidate, considered a beta male, was perceived to be unable to lead his party to victory
the candidates talked in circles
the candle flickered
the candy left him with a bad taste
the candy looked overwhelmingly desirable to the dieting man
the canescent moon
the canicular heat of the Deep South
the cannibal's teeth were filed to sharp points
the cantering soldiers
the canyon had only one issue
the capability of a metal to be fused
the capable type
the capaciousness of Santa's bag astounded the child
the capacity of a hard disk drive is usually expressed in megabytes
the capitalists' deification of capital
the capsular ligament is a sac surrounding the articular cavity of a freely movable joint and attached to the bones
the captain is responsible for the ship's safety
the captain looked astern to see what the fuss was about
the captain ported the ship at night
the captain was entrusted with the deal of provisions
the captain was set adrift by his roguish crew
the captain went fore (or forward) to check the instruments
the captain's authoritative manner
the caput humeri is the head of the humerus which fits into a cavity in the scapula
the car all but ran her down
the car aquaplaned
the car bottomed out where the driveway meets the road
the car corners
the car couldn't make it up the rise
the car did not have proper restraints fitted
the car door was unfastened
the car engine purred
the car engine was running at idle
the car gathers speed
the car had white sidewalls
the car is in gear
the car makers downsized the SUVs when fuel became very expensive
the car pinged when I put in low-octane gasoline
the car pulled off onto the shoulder
the car pulls to the right
the car remained stationary with the engine running
the car runs badly
the car runs more smoothly with the timing adjusted
the car salesman threw in the radio, for good measure
the car skidded in the curve on the wet road
the car slipped sideways into the ditch
the car stopped
the car was a no-good piece of junk
the car was a total loss
the car was on the top floor
the car went smash through the fence
the car wouldn't start because dirt clogged the gas line
the car's axle snapped short
the car's momentum carried it off the road
the carcinogenic action of certain chemicals
the cardboard backing was just a strengthener
the cardiac cycle can be shown on an electrocardiogram
the cards are all alphabetized, as you requested
the cards were face upward
the carefree joys of childhood
the careful tread of one conscious of his alcoholic load
the carefully arranged chessmen
the carefully balanced seesaw
the carefully elaborated theme
the caresses of the breeze played over his face
the carnassial teeth of carnivores
the carpenter engaged (or employed) for the job is sick
the carpenter jointed two pieces of wood
the carpenter should have used his tape measure
the carpenter who built this room must have lost his square
the carpet rolled out
the carpeted hallway
the cars collided head-on
the cars were in position
the carved fretwork
the case, then, is closed
the cases that we studied were drawn from two different communities
the cash on hand is adequate for current needs
the cashier would not cash the check without an endorsement
the casings had rotted away and had to be replaced
the cask was set abroach
the casserole was piping hot
the cast stood in line for the curtain call
the casual couplings of adolescents
the cat came out from under the bed
the cat got the goldfish
the cat meowed
the cat snatched at the butterflies
the cat was very ill and we had to put it to sleep
the cat's sheathed claws
the catch was only 10 fish
the catcher made a good throw to second base
the catechistic method
the cathedral organ and the distant voices have a haunting beauty
the cattle thief has a price on his head
the caudal end of the body
the causes that produced them have remained unchanged
the cave gave me the creepy-crawlies
the ceaseless prodding got on his nerves
the ceaseless thunder of surf
the ceaseless tumult of the jukebox was maddening
the celebration of marriage
the cell was bedless
the cellar was dark; moreover, mice nested there
the cello, a rather ungainly instrument for a girl
the cells maximally responsive to lines in this orientation will fire
the cells merge
the cells minimally responsive to lines in this orientation will not fire
the cells of a honeycomb
the cellular construction of a beehive
the censored press in some countries
the center fumbled the handoff
the central cause of the problem
the central city surrounded by recent accretions
the centromere is difficult to sequence
the ceremony of smelling the cork and tasting the wine
the ceremony was of short duration
the chain of command
the chair rocked rhythmically back and forth
the chair's rear legs
the chairman called the meeting to order by pounding his gavel
the chairman granted him the floor
the chairman's nephew has a lot of pull
the chairs were arranged in a circle
the challenge was formidable
the chambers of his heart were healthy
the champagne poured frothily into the glasses
the champion is faced with a feisty challenger
the change of government had no impact on the economy
the change was intended to increase sales
the changeableness of the weather
the channel will be open to navigation as soon as the ice melts
the chapter is insightful and suggestive of new perspectives
the char will clean the carpet
the character's motives remain accidental to the plot
the characters in Henry James' novels are forever paying calls on each other, usually in the parlor of some residence
the characters were delineated with exceptional vividness
the characters were well drawn but the plot was banal
the charges against the estate
the chartered buses arrived on time
the charts hereto attached
the cheap clock ticked stridently
the cheap wine had no body, no mellowness
the check bounced
the checkout here is 12 noon
the chef tasted the sauce with great satisfaction
the chemical properties of an atom are determined by the outermost electron shell
the chemistry of soil
the chess game ended with white stalemated
the chief aim of living
the chief is on the warpath today
the chief stationed two men outside the building
the chieftain had a herald who announced his arrival with a trumpet
the child became overheated
the child clung desperately to her mother
the child could no longer resist taking one of the craved cookies
the child cried no end
the child drew glass beads on a string
the child had to make water
the child is said to be innately disposed to learn language
the child is seemingly healthy but the doctor is concerned
the child kept hammering away as if his life depended on it
the child mussed up my hair
the child put her jersey on backward
the child received several games for his birthday
the child showed signs of physical abuse
the child stayed home alone
the child was as good as gold
the child was born prematurely
the child was eating pottage from a porringer
the child was heinously murdered
the child was infected in utero from the mother
the child was sleeping angelically
the child was spoiled by overindulgence
the child was standing in the middle of the crossfire, defenselessly
the child was taken ill
the child won everyone's heart
the child worked at the multiplication table until she had it down cold
the child's acquisition of language
the child's doleful expression
the child's expulsion from school
the child's misery would move even the most obdurate heart
the child's skeletal age was classified as `advanced'
the child's unnatural interest in death
the child's usual bedtime
the children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests
the children always love to go to the circus
the children argued because one slice of cake was slightly larger than the other
the children behaved well
the children came late to school
the children enjoyed diving and looking for shells
the children explored each other's bodies by playing the game of doctor
the children followed the teacher credulously
the children had to be in bed before it was time for the trimming of the tree
the children left their books behind
the children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope
the children loved a mud puddle
the children of Israel
the children of psychologists are often raised in an atmosphere of experimentalism
the children opened the presents unenthusiastically
the children promised not to quarrel any more
the children ran down the hill amain
the children resembled a fairy herd
the children returned from the seashore with their shells and other treasures
the children secretly went to the movies when they were supposed to be at the library
the children were arguing hotly
the children were confirmed in their mother's faith
the children were found safe and sound
the children were left to their own devices
the children were playing house
the children were playing with lead soldiers
the children were told to put away their toys
the children were told to stay within earshot
the children were well shoed
the children worked on the project independently
the children's faces clearly expressed the frustration of the baffled
the children's responses were admirably normal
the children's swing librated
the chilliness of early morning
the chlorine in CFCs causes depletion of atmospheric ozone
the choice between bureaucracy and adhocracy represents a common dilemma
the choking June dust
the church bazaar
the church has a large social hall
the church steeple provided a convenient landmark
the church was austerely simple
the church was empty
the church was raised to the rank of basilica
the church welcomed new members into its fellowship
the cigar smoke curled up at the ceiling
the ciliary body produces aqueous humor
the cinema relies on apparent motion
the circuit is operated by a panic button
the circular motion of the wheel
the circus traveled on to the next city
the circus used a tent as their cookhouse
the citrus production of Florida
the city fathers endorsed the proposal
the city fathers tried vainly to find a solution
the city proper
the city pulsated with music and excitement
the city raised the tax rate
the city suburbanized
the city voted for Republicans in 1994
the city was called Stabroek by the Dutch but was renamed Georgetown by the British in 1812
the city's indomitable optimism and can-do spirit
the city's mosaic culture results in great diversity in the arts
the civil calendar
the civil war shook the country
the clangorous locomotive works
the clanking arms of the soldiers near him
the clarinet was out of tune
the clarinetist fitted a new reed onto his mouthpiece
the clarity and resonance of an open tone
the clash of swords and the shrilling of trumpets
the class of '97
the class was listening quietly and intently
the classic isotonic exercise is lifting free weights
the classic struggle between good and evil
the classical argument between free trade and protectionism
the classical world
the classicistic tradition
the clatter of iron wheels on cobblestones
the clattery sound of dishes
the clayey soil was heavy and easily saturated
the cleaning lady comes on alternate Wednesdays
the clear complexion of a healthy young woman
the cleat had two horns
the clerical staff
the cleverness of its design
the clickety-clack of the typewriters
the climate had the softness of the south of France
the climate is at least tolerable
the climate of opinion
the climate was mild and conducive to life or growth
the climax of the artist's career
the clock had a moon that showed various phases
the clock has a walnut case
the clock is almost an hour slow
the clock is slow
the clock showed the wrong time
the clocks were ticking
the clogging crowds of revelers overflowing into the street
the cloistered academic world of books
the clone was a copy of its ancestor
the closing scene of the film
the closing stages of the election
the closing weeks of the year
the cloth had a pattern of red dots on a white surface
the clothes were hung severally
the club elected its officers for the coming year
the club issues a list of members, both the actives and the retirees
the club members are a really live bunch
the club will be formally recognized
the clubhouse needed a new roof
the clubs attract revelers as young as thirteen
the clumsy customer turned over the vase
the coach drew up the plays for her team
the coach had a design on the doors
the coach put great emphasis on running
the coach said the offensive unit did a good job
the coach sent in a passing play on third and long
the coach told his players that defeat was unacceptable
the coal miner's son aspired to a white-collar occupation as a bookkeeper
the coast is clear
the coastline is littered with testaments to the savageness of the waters
the coastline of Chile and Argentina and Brazil forms two legs of a triangle
the coat has a sleazy lining
the coffee maker malfunctioned
the cogitative faculty
the cognitive operation of remembering
the coin bank was empty
the coin bears an effigy of Lincoln
the coke machine is broken
the coke machine is busted
the cold calculation and diabolic art of some statesmen
the cold castle walls were covered with hangings
the cold crystalline water of melted snow
the cold glasses were streaked with sweat
the cold helped clear his head
the cold neutrality of an impartial judge
the coldness made our breath visible
the collapse of the movement was attributable to a lack of morale
the collapse of the old star under its own gravity
the collar has a tab with a button hole
the collected works of Milton
the collective mind
the college of arts and sciences
the collision bilged the vessel
the collision knocked the wind out of him
the collision of the particles resulted in an exchange of energy and a change of direction
the collision of the two ships resulted in a serious oil spill
the colonies revolted against the Crown
the colonists were ripe for revolution
the color scheme for this room was determined by an interior decorator
the colors changed wondrously slowly
the combination to the safe was a secret
the comedy was delightful
the comfortable thought that nothing could go wrong
the commander's prostration demoralized his men
the commercial or nonresidential areas of a town
the commissioner made visitations to all the precinct stations
the committal service will be held next Monday
the committee blew the thesis sky-high
the committee investigated some apparent discrepancies
the committee recommended, inter alia, that he be promoted
the committee was timid and mediocre and irresolute
the common buttercup is a popular perennial plant
the common cold
the common core of nonstandard words and phrases in folk speech
the common housefly
the common man
the common man has been kept in his place by his betters
the common people determine the group character and preserve its customs from one generation to the next
the common people in those days suffered greatly
the companies should bid competitively
the company cannot afford to do blue-sky research
the company donated a miserable $100 for flood relief
the company downsized its research staff
the company fabricates plastic chairs
the company had a large payroll
the company had a long payroll
the company had several operating divisions
the company had to declare bankruptcy
the company had to transition the old practices to modern technology
the company is looking for stability after years of musical chairs with directors
the company of cooks walked into the kitchen
the company operated at a loss last year
the company operated in the red last year
the company still believes the chip is a leapfrog in integration and will pay huge dividends
the company tried to project an altruistic image
the company turned a good profit after a year
the company was dressed in full marching order
the company was enjoyable
the company went belly-up
the company went off the fast track when the stock market dropped
the company's products were in such demand that they got more orders than their call center could handle
the comparative form of an adjective
the compensating balance increases the effective interest rate to the bank since the net amount loaned is reduced but the interest paid is unchanged
the competition was tough
the complementarity of the sexes
the complete published works Dickens
the completed project
the completion of the railroad was the precipitating cause in the extinction of waterborne commerce
the complex civilization of which Rome was the kinetic center
the complex machinery of negotiation
the complex of shopping malls, houses, and roads created a new town
the compnay is headquartered in New Jersey
the composer Salieri was contemporary with Mozart
the composition is written in four movements
the composition presents problems for students of musical form
the compound decarboxylated
the compounds acetylated
the compressed gas exerts an increased pressure
the compromise among the parties eviscerated the bill that had been proposed
the computer came up
the computer executed the instruction
the computer had a desktop footprint of 10 by 16 inches
the computer has supplanted the slide rule
the computer is outputting the data from the job I'm running
the computer proceeds with its incomparable logic and efficiency
the computer produced a completely novel proof of a well-known theorem
the computer program was based on a model of the circulatory and respiratory systems
the computer went down again
the computers were connected through a system of conduits
the con artist replaced the original with a fake Rembrandt
the concealing darkness
the conceded error
the concentrate of contemporary despair
the concept of exceedance can be applied to any type of environmental risk modeling
the conception of grace developed alongside the conception of sin
the concert left me cold
the concert was held in the open air
the concert was mostly Mozart
the conclusion of a business deal
the conclusion of the peace treaty
the conditional sale will not be complete until the full purchase price is paid
the conditions were too rainy for playing in the snow
the conductor set the beat
the conference was short and sweet
the confession was uncoerced
the confusion of tongues at the Tower of Babel
the conglomerate peoples of New England
the congregation consisted chiefly of a few young folk, who snored sonorously
the conjunct influence of fire and strong wind
the conjunctive focus of political opposition
the connection between church and state is inescapable
the conquest of space
the consecrated chapel
the consolidation of the United States' hegemony over a new international economic system
the constant risk that attends the exchanges of human beings formidably armed
the constant sound of dripping irritated him
the constitution of a PTA group last year
the constitutional right of free speech
the construction of highways and other public works
the consumption of energy has increased steadily
the consumptive habitus
the container's walls were blue
the containment of the AIDS epidemic
the containment of the rebellion
the contents of a trojan can be a virus or a worm
the contest was no world-shaking affair
the contestants dropped like flies when the thermometer hit one hundred degrees
the contiguous 48 states
the continental United States
the continental divide
the continual banging of the shutters
the continued existence of an abatable nuisance is not authorized under the law
the continued existence of nationalism
the continued popularity of Westerns
the continuing struggle to put food on the table
the contours of the melody
the contract set out the conditions of the lease
the contract specified forfeits if the work was not completed on time
the contracted pupils of her eyes
the contractile wings of an insect
the contracting of a serious illness can be financially catastrophic
the contraction of a gas on cooling
the contributions provided some relief for the victims
the control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw
the control of the mob by the police was admirable
the control tower talked down the plane whose pilot fell ill
the controlled release of water from reservoirs
the controversy brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion
the convention of not naming the main character
the conventional handshake
the conversation lightened me up a bit
the conversation...could hardly be called world-shattering
the conveyer of good tidings
the convicted killer listened unblinkingly to the reading of his sentence
the conviction came as no surprise
the convulsions of the stock market
the cook is a light seasoner
the cool of early morning
the cool sound of rushing water
the cooling touch of the night air
the cooling was overhead fans
the cork bobbed around in the pool
the corn and tomatoes are nice today
the corn is sprouted
the corn is up
the corn smutted and could not be eaten
the corner of the lot was indicated by a stake
the corners of a cube
the corners of a rectangle
the corolla of a snapdragon is bilabiate
the corporate good
the corporation has just undergone a change in command
the corpse was in an advanced state of decay
the correct answer
the correct version
the correction of his vision with eye glasses
the cosmography of Ptolemy
the cost in human life was enormous
the cost of utilities never decreases
the cost overrun necessitated an additional allocation of funds in the budget
the costs of reducing hardness depend on the relative amounts of calcium and magnesium compounds that are present
the counting continued for several hours
the countries agreed to conduct their bilateral trade in hard currency, replacing previous barter arrangements
the country had a poor economy
the country is an economic backwater
the country is still trying to climb out of the mire left by its previous president
the country's largest manufacturer
the country's leading poet
the country--the flat agricultural surround
the countryside rolled greenly down into the valley
the county condemned the land to build a highway
the county has a population of 12,345 people
the county plans to build a new road
the coup disposed of the dictator bloodlessly
the course had only nine holes
the course of the river
the course palled on her
the course was less than a mile
the court found divestiture to be necessary in preventing a monopoly
the court held the parents answerable for their minor child's acts of vandalism
the court ordered a retrofit on all automobiles
the court set aside the conviction
the court's decision had many unforeseen ramifications
the court's tilt toward conservative rulings
the cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft
the cow is fresh
the cox raised the beat
the crack of a whip
the cradle was ornately carved
the crash intruded on his awareness
the crash occurred during a thunderstorm and the system has been down ever since
the craven fellow turned and ran
the creak of the floorboards gave him away
the cream of England's young men were killed in the Great War
the credits were given at the end of the film
the creek dried up every summer
the crime capital of Italy
the criminal had been living next door all this time
the criminalization of marijuana
the crisis proved his confidence was shakable
the crisp snap of dry leaves underfoot
the crispness of his reply
the critic was considered to be an arbiter of modern literature
the critical test
the critics lavished superlatives on it
the critics praised her effusively
the critics were lavish in their praise
the cross-classification of cases was done by age and sex
the cross-fertilization of science and the creative arts
the cross-pollination of the arts
the crosstown bus
the crosswise dimension
the crowd applauded when she skated out onto the ice
the crowd got drunk and started to behave rowdily
the crowd laughed at the absurdity of the clown's behavior
the crowd of following cars made the occasion seem like a parade
the crowd was at fever pitch
the crowd was demonstrating tumultuously
the crowd watched him helplessly
the crowd went crazy
the crowded canvas of history
the crowning accomplishment of his career
the crowning star on a Christmas tree
the crucial experiment
the crude facts
the crude weapons and rude agricultural implements of early man
the crudeness of frontier dwellings depressed her
the cub licked the milk from its mother's breast
the culprit started to run and the cop took off in pursuit
the cultivation of bees for honey
the culture of cells in a Petri dish
the culture of oysters
the cultured votary of science
the cunning maneuvers leading to his success
the cup of her bra
the cupboard was bare
the currency of a slang term
the currency of ideas
the current middle-class norm of two children per family
the current of history
the current state of knowledge
the current status of the arms negotiations
the current taste for wide trousers
the current topic
the current was measured in amperes
the currents well up
the curved tusks of a walrus
the custom of killing the divine king upon any serious failure of his...powers
the cut from the accident scene to the hospital seemed too abrupt
the cut of her clothes and the richness of the fabric were distinctive
the cut pages of the book
the cut surface was mottled
the cut-out pieces of the dress
the cutting of the cards soon became a ritual
the cutting of whiskey with water
the cyclist went for broke at the end of the race
the daedal hand of nature
the daily body count increased as the war went on
the daintiness of her touch
the dam retains the water
the dance involved a deliberate exaggeration of his awkwardness
the dance often becomes flagrantly obscene
the dancer was light and graceful
the dancer was praised for her uncanny extension
the dancer's lyrical performance
the dancers moved in time with the music
the dancers toes pointed outward
the dancers were directed to move upstage
the dangerous situation developed suddenly
the dank climate of southern Wales
the dark ages
the dark days of the war
the dark moonless night
the dark unfathomed caves of ocean
the darkened margins of the paper
the darkened theater
the darkening mood
the darkening sky
the data have been uniformized
the data reported by Smith et al.
the date for the invasion is certain
the date of the election is set by law
the dateless rise and fall of the tides
the dawn of civilization
the dawn of recorded history
the dawn turned night into day
the day is still young
the day's events left her completely exhausted--her strength drained
the day's heat faded into balminess
the day's shopping left her exhausted
the days were fair and the winds were favorable
the deacon was canonically inducted
the dead of winter
the dead wall surfaces of a recording studio
the deadened pangs of hunger
the deadening effect of some routine tasks
the deadheads on the payroll should be eased out as fast as possible
the deal was done offstage
the deal was passed around the table clockwise
the dean addressed the letter to the entire staff of the university
the death of his wife caused him great distress
the death rate in Russia has been stably high
the death rattle
the death sentence was commutable to life imprisonment
the deathbed scene is the climax of the play
the debate moved from family values to the economy
the debate turned into thoughtless bickering
the debunking of religion has been too successful
the decalescent point of steel
the decaying vegetative layer covering a forest floor
the deceleration of the arms race
the deceptive calm in the eye of the storm
the decimal system
the decimalization of British currency
the decree is nisi and not absolute
the decurved bill of a curlew
the deed was attested by the subscription of his signature
the deep gaping canyon
the deepening gloom
the defacement of an Italian mosaic during the Turkish invasion
the defeated enemy
the defendant stared unemotionally at the victim's family
the defendant was acquitted on a legal technicality
the defendants asked for a consolidation of the actions against them
the defense called for a mistrial
the defensive line braced to stop the run
the defensive platoon of the football team
the definitive work on Greece
the delectable Miss Haynes
the deliberations of the jury
the delicate cast of his features
the delicate wing of a butterfly
the demand exceeded the supply
the demand for testing has created a boom for those unregulated laboratories where boxes of specimen jars are processed like an assembly line
the demolition of the huge tower was quite a spectacle
the demonization of our enemies
the density of hydrogen in interplanetary and interstellar space
the dentist gave her a local anesthetic prior to the extraction
the dentist reamed out the debris in the course of the root canal treatment
the dentist recommended two brushes a day
the dentist took an impression for use in preparing an inlay
the departing train
the department got a good comb-out
the depredations of age and disease
the depth of his breathing
the depth of his emotion
the depth of his sighs
the depth of my feeling
the depth of the water
the descriptive variable
the desert was edged with sere vegetation
the deserving poor
the desiderata for a vacation are time and money
the design of a building
the designer of marine aircraft demonstrated his newest hydroplane
the desolate surface of the moon
the desperate gallantry of our naval task forces marked the turning point in the Pacific war
the desperately engaged ships continued the fight
the despite in which outsiders were held is legendary
the destruction of the building produced an enormous debris surge
the desultory conversation characteristic of cocktail parties
the detached shutter fell on him
the details of the kidnaper's letter had sounded disturbingly convincing
the detected micrometeoritic material
the detective carefully lifted some fingerprints from the table
the detectives hounded the suspect until they found him
the detention of tardy pupils
the determination of grammatical inflections
the determination of molecular structures
the determinative (or determinant) battle
the deterrent effects of high prices
the deterrent power of nuclear weapons
the deuce with it
the developed qualities of the Hellenic outlook
the developing drug culture
the development and printing of his pictures took only two hours
the development of Alaskan resources
the development of his ideas took many years
the deviation from the mean
the device is small enough to wear on your wrist
the devices by which unenlightened men preserved the unjust social order
the devising of plans
the devotion of his time and wealth to science
the diabolical expression on his face
the diacritic elements in culture
the diagonalization of a normal matrix by a unitary transformation
the dialectical method
the dialogue is elliptic and full of dark hints
the diametral plane
the diamond fields of South Africa
the diamond was in a plain gold mount
the dice are hot tonight
the dichotomy between eastern and western culture
the dickens you say
the dictated terms of surrender
the dictates of reason
the dictionary gave several senses for the word
the dictionary had many pictures
the dictionary's coverage of standard English is excellent
the didacticism expected in books for the young
the didacticism of the 19th century gave birth to many great museums
the difference in her is amazing
the difference is measurably large
the differences are profound
the different Nepali words for `rice'
the differentiated markings of butterflies
the difficulties in which the question is involved
the diffusion of knowledge
the dignifying effect of his presence
the dilation of the pupil of the eye
the dim utopian future
the dimmed houselights brought a hush of anticipation
the diplomatic endgame
the diplomats' first concern was to reduce international tensions
the direct cause of the accident
the direct opposite
the direction of maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of the shear
the directional role of science on industrial progress
the directionality of written English is from left to right
the directions were all wrong
the director hand-picked his new team
the director of the school was a dignified white-haired gentleman
the disappearance of resistance at very low temperatures
the disappointments of the here and now
the disarmament of the aggressor nations must be complete
the discharge of pus
the disclosed purpose of their wicked plan
the discouragement of petty theft
the discovered behavior norms
the discoverer of argon, Sir William Ramsay, looked disappointingly ordinary
the discovery of possible conspirative codes
the discriminating eye of the connoisseur
the disease demyelinated the nerve fibers
the disease fulminated
the disease spread by mediate as well as direct contact
the disheartened instructor tried vainly to arouse their interest
the dishes were only sketchily washed
the dishwasher is now in working order
the disorderly retreat of French troops
the disorganization of the enemy troops by a flank attack
the dispersion of the troops
the disquieting sounds of nearby gunfire
the disquietingly close sounds of gunfire
the dissertation was entitled, modestly, `Remarks about a play by Shakespeare'
the dissipation of the mist
the dissolving medium is called a solvent
the dissolving of salt in water
the distance from New York to Chicago
the distance from birth to death
the distinctive Coptic art of 6th-century Christian Egypt
the distinctive ring of the church bell
the distinctively conservative district of the county
the distribution of nerve fibers
the disturbed books and papers on her desk
the disturbing thing about the Minister's behavior is that far from being artificial, it too often rings frighteningly true
the divers saved the drowning child
the divine Shakespeare
the divine capacity for love
the divine strength of Achilles
the divine will
the divinely appointed means of rescue from temporal existence
the division of Europe into warring blocs produces ever-increasing centrifugal stress
the divisional line between two states
the divorce caused much gossip
the divorce was an ugly chapter in their relationship
the docile masses of an enslaved nation
the doctor gave him a clean bill of health
the doctor goes on his rounds first thing every morning
the doctor made his rounds
the doctor percussed his chest and back
the doctor prescribed a topical application of iodine
the doctor prescribed some medicine for the disorder
the doctor prescribed steroids for my ear trouble
the doctor prescribed the tapering of the dose
the doctor recommended regular exercise
the doctor recommended several preventatives
the doctor saw a sequence of patients
the doctor stood at her bedside
the doctor tested my tonicity
the doctor will see you now
the doctor will soon be here
the doctor's quiet unmannered entry
the doctor's writing was illegible
the doctor-patient relationship is based on trust
the doctors had to suction the water from the patient's lungs
the doctrine of sovereign immunity originated with the maxim that the king can do no wrong
the doctrine of the divine right of kings was enunciated by the Stuarts in Britain in the 16th century
the doctrine of the procession of the Holy Spirit from the Father and the Son
the document contained a particularly emphatic guarantee of religious liberty
the dog barked all night
the dog chased the rabbit
the dog licked her hand
the dog pointed the dead duck
the dog was capable of astonishing tricks
the dog was taught to fetch and carry
the dog was unconstrained
the dog whelped
the dog worried his bone
the dog's gruff barking
the dog's laps were warm and wet
the dog's plumy tail
the dog's woolly shag
the dollar coin has never been popular in the United States
the dollar is low
the dollar is the United States unit of currency
the dollar sign means little to him
the dollar soared against the yen
the dollar's shrunken buying power
the dominant character of the cityscape is it poverty
the dominant gene for brown eyes
the dominant partner in the marriage
the dominions of both rulers passed away to their spurious or doubtful offspring
the door closed with a jolt
the door gave access to a tidily furnished sitting-room where chintz and oak predominated
the door opens electronically
the door opens to the patio
the door slammed shut
the door was ajar
the doors flew open in the strong gust
the dormant account reverted to the state under escheat laws
the dorsal fin is spinous
the dorsal fin is the vertical fin on the back of a fish and certain marine mammals
the dorsum of the foot
the dose is doubled
the dots are unevenly disposed
the double agent was neutralized
the double-geared lifting mechanism of a crane
the dough rose slowly in the warm room
the doughboy was a predecessor of the doughnut
the down staircase
the down trend in the real estate market
the downbound train
the downstairs (or downstair) phone
the downward course of the stream
the downward pull of gravity
the draftsman crosshatched the area
the drag up the hill exhausted him
the drain was plugged
the drama's symbolism was very ideological
the draperies were drawn to the sides by pullbacks
the drapery served organically to cover the Madonna
the drastically cut film
the draught browned the leaves on the trees in the yard
the drawing of water from the well
the drawn draperies kept direct sunlight from fading the rug
the dread presence of the headmaster
the dreadfully close atmosphere
the dress brought out her figure to advantage
the dress had a scalloped skirt
the dress hung formlessly on her body
the dress hung shapelessly on her thin body
the dress needs shortening
the drill sergeant's intent was to convince all the recruits of their worthlessness
the drinking of cocktails was as canonical a rite as the mixing
the driveway was reflectorized for safety reasons
the driving force was his innate enthusiasm
the dropout rate
the drug capital of Columbia
the drug had unexpected aftereffects
the drug is intended to be administered parenterally
the drug lord had his muscleman to protect him
the drug produces an increased synchrony of the brain waves
the drugged man was talking chaotically
the drugs masculinized the teenage girl
the drunken men started to scuffle
the dry leaves were rustling in the breeze
the dry vote led by preachers and bootleggers
the dubiousness of his claim
the duchess would not put up with presumptuous servants
the dulcet tones of the cello
the dull boom of distant breaking waves
the dull thud
the dullness of the pencil made his writing illegible
the dumplings were chunky pieces of uncooked dough
the dun and dreary prairie
the duodecimal number system
the dust adhered electrostatically to the surface
the dust storms in Korea are the result of rapid desertification in China
the duties of citizenship are lost sight of in the wilderness of interests of individuals and groups
the duties of the job
the dynamic president of the firm
the eagle is a symbol of the United States
the early Norse poets wrote alliteratively
the early election returns are unofficial
the early inhabitants of Europe
the early manipulative techniques of a three-year-old child
the early sets ran on storage batteries
the earphones were held in place by a headband
the earth shook for several minutes
the earth was scorched and bare
the earth was without form, and void
the earth's movement uplifted this part of town
the earthquake was a disaster
the earthy taste of warm milk fresh from the cow
the easiness we feel when sleeping
the east coast benefits from a Bermuda high
the east side of New York
the eastern end of the island
the eastside silk-stocking district
the easy solution is to look it up in the handbook
the easygoing life of a parttime consultant
the echoless darkness
the eclat of a great achievement
the economic growth overjoyed the German industry
the economic outlook is depressing
the economic strangulation of the Jews by the Nazi Party
the economically ascendant class
the economy crashed
the economy has been on a roller coaster all year
the economy is stable
the economy was a considerable issue in the campaign
the economy-size package
the ecumenical movement
the edge of the leaf is wavy
the edges of the wound conglutinated
the edict was subject to many interpretations
the editor added the argument to the poem
the editor limited the length of my article to 500 words
the educated man shows a balanced development of all his powers
the eerie whistle of dropping bombs
the effect of the anesthetic
the effect of...his irregular life could be seen writ large on his gaunt features
the effect was achieved by skillful retouching
the effect was negligible
the effects of sleep loss
the effects of the drought are apparent to anyone who sees the parched fields
the effects will be violent and probably bloody
the efficient cause of the revolution
the effulgent daffodils
the egg was impregnated
the eggs were fresh and hence satisfactory
the ejection of troublemakers by the police
the elaborate register of the inhabitants prevented tax evasion
the elated winner
the election of Makarios III to archbishop gave him the status of the ethnarch of Cyprus
the election returns are now official
the election was a nip and tuck affair
the election was a remarkable success for the Whigs
the election was just a lottery to them
the electric range had one large burner and three smaller one
the electrification of rural Tennessee
the electronic travel market is slam-dunking traditional travel agencies
the elegantly attired gentleman
the element of wildness in his behavior was a protest against repressive convention
the elementary grades
the elements of the turbine were misaligned
the elevator was operated by push buttons
the elevators were at the end of the hall
the elicitation of his testimony was not easy
the emanation of the Holy Spirit
the embarrassing moment when she found her petticoat down around her ankles
the embassy filled him in on the background of the incident
the embitterment that resulted from the loss of his job never left him
the embodiment of hope
the embryonic government staffed by survivors of the massacre
the emended text
the emergency room was overrun with walk-ins
the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring
the emperor's tomb had his image carved in stone
the employee claimed that she was wrongfully dismissed
the employers, initially taken by surprise at the pace of developments, regained their second wind
the emptiness of outer space
the empyrean sphere
the encapsulation of tendons in membranous sheaths
the encircled pioneers
the enclosed check is to cover shipping and handling
the end managed to hold onto the pass
the end of the pier
the end of the police search was the discovery of a corpse
the end of the year
the end of town
the end was exciting
the endgame began after the exchange of queens
the ending of warranty period
the endless task of classifying the samples
the endmost pillar
the ends are unobjectionable; it's the means that one can't accept
the ends justify the means
the enemies were impaled and left to die
the enemy attacked at dawn
the enemy catapulted rocks towards the fort
the enemy landed several of our aircraft
the enemy offered little resistance
the engaged couple
the engagement of the clutch
the engine chugged down the street
the engine had to be replaced because the block was cracked
the engine is idling
the engine reciprocates the propeller
the engine was doing 6000 revs
the enjoyableness of an afternoon at the beach
the enlarged photograph revealed many details
the ennobling influence of cultural surroundings
the enraged bull attached
the ensuant response to his appeal
the entire area was glaciated
the entire building complained about the noise
the entrance was guarded by ranks of policemen
the entrenched power of the nobility
the enucleation of the tumor
the ephemeral joys of childhood
the epilogue told what eventually happened to the main characters
the epistolatory novel
the equator is the boundary between the northern and southern hemispheres
the equivocal (or indeterminate) objects painted by surrealists
the eremitic element in the life of a religious colony
the erosive effects of waves on the shoreline
the error in the calculation was attributable to rounding
the errors increased multiplicatively
the essay contained too much detail
the essay was in the form of a dialogue
the essential feature
the essentials of the good life
the established Church
the established a baseline for the budget
the established facts in the case
the established social order
the estate was sequestered
the estrous cycle
the estrous state
the esurient eyes of an avid curiosity
the etchings, drypoints, lithographs, and engravings which together form his graphic work
the etiolation of celery
the etiolation of the critical tradition
the evanescence of the morning mist
the evangelistic concerns of the early church
the even rhythm of his breathing
the evening's crepuscular charm
the event aroused nationwide interest
the event was very damaging to the child psychologically
the events left a permanent impression in his mind
the events today were a repeat of yesterday's
the eventual accumulative effect of these substances
the eversion of the foot
the evidence amply (or fully) confirms our suspicions
the evidence from bacteriologic analysis was equivocal
the evidence is conclusive
the evidence that smoking causes lung cancer is very compelling
the evidence was strikingly absent
the evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft interred with their bones
the evolution of Greek civilization
the ewe lambed
the exam looked deceptively easy
the exam was carried out digitally
the exam was full of trap questions
the examiner searched for clues
the exasperation of a...well-meaning cow worried by dogs
the executive branch
the exercise of their volition we construe as revolt
the exhausted food sources
the exhilarating effect of mountain air
the existence of Neptune was predicted from perturbations in the orbit of Uranus and it was then identified in 1846
the existentialist character of his ideas
the existing system
the exotic landscape of a dead planet
the expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves
the expansion of (a+b)^2 is a^2 + 2ab + b^2
the expansive force of fire
the expansiveness of their extravagant life style was soon curtailed
the expatriation of wealthy farmers
the expectation was spread both by word and by implication
the experience destroyed his trust and personal dignity
the experience gave him the advantage over me
the experience was good for her
the experiment was conducted on 6 monkeys and 2 human subjects
the experiment yielded robust results
the expiry of his driver's license
the explanation was circuitous and puzzling
the explanation was concise, even elliptical to the verge of obscurity
the explanation was very simple
the exploitation of copper deposits
the explosion created a shock wave
the explosion interrupted the wild onrush of her thoughts
the explosion made a gap in the wall
the explosion of the firecrackers awoke the children
the explosion was heard a mile away
the explosive devices went off
the exposed northeast frontier
the exposure of his anger was shocking
the expression of milk from her breast
the expulsion of pus from the pimple
the extended airport runways can accommodate larger planes
the extension of `satellite of Mars' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos
the extent of the damage
the external auditory canal
the extinction of a species
the extinction of the lights
the extinction of the volcano
the extortion by dishonest officials of fees for performing their sworn duty
the extracurricular activities of a philandering husband
the extreme edge of town
the extremity of despair
the exuberantly baroque decoration of the church
the eyelike gleam of two distant windows in the dark
the fabled Paul Bunyan and his blue ox
the fabric in the curtains was light and semitransparent
the fabulous endurance of a marathon runner
the fabulous unicorn
the face of the child is rendered with much tenderness in this painting
the face of the city is changing
the face was saturnine and swarthy, and the sensual lips...twisted with disdain
the faceless accusers of the police state
the facing page
the factions remained quiet for almost 10 years
the factory went down during the strike
the factory with the big parking lot...is more convenient than the walk-to factory
the facts had been brought to the surface
the facts point to a contrary conclusion
the facts were familiar but it was in the organization of them that he was original
the faded tones of an old recording
the fag end of this crisis-ridden century
the failure of back-channel negotiations
the failure rate on the bar exam is discouragingly high
the faint light of a distant candle
the faintness or potency of the feeling
the fair sex
the fair sex gathered on the veranda
the fair-haired boy of the literary set
the faithless Benedict Arnold
the falcate moon
the fall broke his back
the fall is only a technical correction
the fall of the House of Hapsburg
the fall quarter ends at Christmas
the falsehood about some fanciful secret treaties
the familiar conflict between Republicans and Democrats
the familiar everyday world
the families of both partners in a mixed marriage often disapprove
the family brought suit against the landlord
the family is one of the great stabilizing elements in society
the family is sitting shiva
the family owned a large estate on Long Island
the family refused to accept his will
the family rejoiced in the drunkard's reform
the family that prays together stays together
the family was numerous
the family was starved and ragged
the fantastically unreal world of government bureaucracy
the far future
the far right
the far side of the road
the faraway future
the farm house, though in itself a small one, is delightfully situated
the farmer's morning chores
the farmers overcropped the land
the farming regions of France
the fashionable side of town
the fashioning of pots and pans
the faster a jet plane goes the greater its propulsive efficiency
the fatal day of the election finally arrived
the fauna of China
the favored child
the fear of God
the fear of being sued for malpractice has magnified physicians' defensiveness
the feathery congregation of jays
the feature tonight is `Casablanca'
the featureless landscape of the steppe
the federal government replaced the powerfully pro-settler Sir Godfrey Huggins with the even tougher and more determined ex-trade unionist
the federal highway program
the federalization of postal service
the fee was nominal
the feeder discharged feed into a trough for the livestock
the feel of the city excited him
the feeling is, as we say, quite dead
the felt presence of an intruder
the female lead in the play
the fenders had fallen off that old bus
the fens of eastern England
the ferny shadows of locust leaves
the ferny undergrowth
the fertilizer leached into the ground
the fervent heat...merely communicated a genial warmth to their half-torpid systems
the fetus has well developed organs
the fetus quickened
the fewest birds in recent memory
the fey quality was there, the ability to see the moon at midday
the fibers decussate
the fickle and mutable nature of truth
the fictile art
the field was unplayable
the fields were crossed with irrigation channels
the fierce
the fierce thunders roar me their music
the fiercest and most treacherous of foes
the fight was on television last night
the fighting became hot and heavy
the fighting lulled for a moment
the fighting was heavy
the figurative art of the humanistic tradition
the figure inside the boucle dress was stupefying
the figure was about a thousand
the figure was realistically painted
the figures are at odds with our findings
the figures in the next-to-last column
the files are in complete disorder
the filibuster was a major obstruction to the success of their plan
the filing cards were organized by cards having indexed tabs
the film captured all the pathos of their situation
the film contained no sex or violence
the film cut back to an earlier event in the story
the film ends with the middle-aged romancers respectably married
the film had good word-of-mouth publicity
the film jumped back and forth from the pursuer to the pursued
the film provided a valuable record of stage techniques
the film was fantastic!
the film was impeccably authentic
the film was in color
the film was sensitive to attack by acids
the film was shot on location
the filmed version of the novel
the filming was hopeless incompetent
the final answer
the final chapter
the final draft of the constitution
the final runners were far behind
the final sounds of `bets' and `beds' and `horses' and `oxen' are allomorphs of the English plural morpheme
the finality of death
the finance section of the company
the findings in the gastrointestinal tract indicate that he died several hours after dinner
the fine hand of a master
the fine points are treated singly
the fine powder had been atomized by air
the fine structure results from slightly different energy levels
the fineness of her features
the fineness of the sand on the beach
the fingered roots of giant trees
the finished bookcase costs much more than the unfinished ones
the fins of a fish act as hydrofoils
the fire flared up and died down once again
the fire is dead
the fire is out
the fire left her arm badly scarred
the fire pit of the crater
the fire produced a tower of black smoke that could be seen for miles
the fire spared the forest floor
the fire's worst scars were effaceable by a comprehensive program of reforestation
the fire-light gave a richness of coloring to that side of the room
the fireplace was so large you could walk inside it
the firing line is where the action is
the firm is dismissive of the competitor's product
the first Commerce Secretary was William C. Redfield who was appointed by Wilson
the first Defense Secretary was James V. Forrestal who was appointed by Truman
the first Georgian monarch
the first Labor Secretary was William B. Wilson who was appointed by President Wilson
the first Mozartian opera to be subjected to this curious treatment ran dispiritedly for five performances
the first Secretary of Agriculture was Norman J. Colman, who was appointed by Cleveland
the first Secretary of Energy was James R. Schlesinger who was appointed by Carter
the first Secretary of Health and Human Services was Patricia Roberts Harris who was appointed by Carter
the first Secretary of Housing and Urban Development was Robert C. Weaver who was appointed by Johnson
the first Secretary of State was Thomas Jefferson
the first act has three scenes
the first baseman made 15 putouts
the first day of spring
the first declension in Latin
the first dimension to concentrate on is the spatial one
the first dismal dispiriting days of November
the first documented case of shark attack in those waters
the first edition appeared in 1920
the first experiment was a real turkey
the first folio of Shakespeare's plays
the first house on the right
the first intifada ended when Israel granted limited autonomy to the Palestine National Authority in 1993
the first lunar landing was achieved by the Apollo program on July 20, 1969
the first major milestone in space exploration was in 1957, when the USSR's Sputnik 1 orbited the Earth
the first manned suborbital flight
the first meetings of the new party
the first of the month
the first organelle to be identified was the nucleus
the first part was easy; the second, however, took hours
the first phase of his training
the first scatterings of green
the first seven councils through 787 are considered to be ecumenical councils by both the Roman Catholic church and the Eastern Orthodox church but the next fourteen councils are considered ecumenical only by the Roman Catholic church
the first shock of the earthquake came shortly after noon while workers were at lunch
the first tangerines were shipped from Tangier to Europe in 1841
the first task is the assignment of an address to each datum
the first time
the first verse
the first violin section
the firstborn child
the fish flipped over
the fish marinates overnight
the fisherman caught a 10-pounder
the fissiparity of religious sects
the five-speed manual gearbox is smoothness personified
the fixedness of his gaze upset her
the flabbergasted aldermen were speechless
the flagging in the garden was quite imaginative
the flames scorched the ceiling
the flashings of pain were a warning
the flat petals of a pea blossom are alae
the fleet scurrying of squirrels
the flexibility and looseness of the materials from which mythology is made
the flexuous bed of the stream
the flight was delayed due to trouble with the airplane
the flip side of your positive qualities sometimes get out of control
the flirting man teased the young woman
the floating population
the flood of letters hit him with the force of a tidal wave
the flood of questions left her bewildered and confused
the floodlit courtyard
the floor around the tree was littered with gifts already unwrapped
the floor of the cave
the floor of the pelvis
the floors were warped and cracked
the flora of southern California
the florist made up an attractive bouquet
the flow of thought
the flowchart contained many boxes
the flower arrangement was created as an echo of a client's still life
the flower had been correctly depicted by his son
the flowering of antebellum culture
the flowers were nodding in the breeze
the fluctuating monetary value of gold and silver
the fluctuations of the sea
the fluid motion of a cat
the flute broke into a light lilting air
the flux following the death of the emperor
the flyspeck nation of Bahrain moved toward democracy
the focus of activity shifted to molecular biology
the focus of infection
the fogbound city
the following day
the following items
the following use of `access' was judged unacceptable by a panel of linguists; `You can access your cash at any of 300 automatic tellers'
the food here is out of this world
the food in the cafeteria was of poor quality
the food was adequate
the food was greasily unappetizing
the fool got his tie caught in the geartrain
the foot of the list
the foot of the mountain
the foot of the page
the football field was 300 feet across
the football players all wore cleats
the footprints of an earlier civilization
the force of his eloquence easily persuaded them
the forces of evil
the forces of reaction carried the election
the foreigner spoke to us quite intelligibly
the foreigner was a casteless person
the foreigners spoke unintelligibly
the foremost compartment of the ship
the foremost figure among marine artists
the forest primeval
the forge belched redly at the sky
the formality of his voice made the others pay him close attention
the formation of crystals
the formation of gas in the intestine
the formation of memories
the formation of pseudopods
the formation of sentences
the former Mormon practice of polygamy
the former President is now a private citizen
the former president
the former senator is treated as a nonperson by this administration
the formidable army of brains at the Prime Minister's disposal
the formidable prospect of major surgery
the fort was held by about 100 effective soldiers
the forte passages in the composition
the forthcoming holidays
the forward section of the aircraft
the forwarding of mail to a new address is done automatically
the forwarding of resumes to the personnel department
the forwardness of the harvest this year
the foul smell of the stinkhorn attracts insects that carry the spores away on their feet
the foundation of a new scientific society
the foundation provided support for the experiment
the foundling's putative father
the foursome teed off before 9 a.m.
the fox fled from the pursuing hounds
the fox was flushed from its cover
the fractions selected for comparison must require pupils to consider both numerator and denominator
the fragments flew upwards
the frame enhances but is not itself the subject of attention
the frame was adaptable to cloth bolts of different widths
the frame was much more valuable than the miror it held
the frame was out of true
the framers of the Constitution
the framing of judicial decrees
the free discussion that is emblematic of democracy
the freight rate is usually cheaper
the frenzied elephant was in musth
the frequency of his seizures increased as he grew older
the frequency of modulation was 40 cycles per second
the frequent performances of the symphony testify to its popularity
the freshly brushed clothes hung in the closet
the freshman expresses his thoughts inarticulately
the freshness of the air revived him
the frightened child cowered in the corner
the frightened horse reared back
the front lines
the front porch
the front wheel of my bicycle is out of whack
the frontal lobes
the frozen North
the frozen fat liquefied
the frustrating tsuris he subjected himself to
the fugitive has left the country
the full and final satisfaction of the claim
the full extent of the law
the full phase of the moon
the full-length play
the fullback's smash into the defensive line
the function distributes the values evenly
the function iterates
the function of a teacher
the function of an auger is to bore holes
the fund earns halal profits in full compliance with the Shari'a
the fundamental laws of the universe
the fundamental revolution in human values that has occurred
the funds are not otherwise available
the funds of nonprofit organizations are nontaxable
the fundus of the stomach
the funny bone is not humerus
the furniture was covered with dust
the furniture was sitting around uselessly
the furniture was spaciously spread out
the fuselage cracked along the rivet line
the future looked black
the galactic plane
the gambler demanded a reshuffle
the gamboling lambs in the meadows
the game ended in a draw
the game is 6 all
the game lasted two hours
the game was finished in regulation time
the game was interrupted by a brief shower
the game was played in spite of the 40-degree temperature
the gamecocks were sparring
the gang pulled off a bank job in St. Louis
the gaping audience
the garage was an afterthought
the garden was criminally neglected
the gardener planted a bed of roses
the gardener talked about the proper substrate for acid-loving plants
the gas expanded to twice its original volume
the gas tank has a capacity of 12 gallons
the gathered folds of the skirt
the gathering satisfied both organizers and attendees
the gaudy bandwagon led the circus parade
the gave the green light for construction to begin
the gears are engaged
the gears locked in second and would not come unstuck
the gene encoding ADA was one of the earlier human genes to be isolated and cloned for study
the gene inactivation system
the general always gets credit for his army's victory
the general appearance of sluggishness alarmed his friends
the general conviction that our side is in the right and acting defensively over what Russians call the German question and Americans the Berlin crisis
the general discontent
the general had had a distinguished career
the general in command never left the control center
the general of the Jesuits has several provinces under him
the general of the Jesuits receives monthly reports from the provincials
the general public
the general relied on his staff to make routine decisions
the general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree
the general tone of articles appearing in the newspapers is that the government should withdraw
the general's headquarters were a couple of large tents
the generic name
the genes of Drosophila fall into four linkage groups
the genial sunshine
the genitive endings
the genitive noun is used attributively
the gentle touch of her hand
the gentle-looking barrister peered owlishly around him
the gentleness and fatherliness of the strange old man eased her fears
the geological environment is the primary factor in determining the character of a country not only topographically but historically
the germination of their discontent
the gerundial suffix `-ing'
the ghost manifests each year on the same day
the ghost of her mother haunted her
the giant tortoises galumphed around in their pen
the gift of a fresh eye and an untrammeled curiosity
the gilded and perfumed but inwardly rotten nobility
the gimmick would convince none but the most credulous
the giraffe cannot make any vocalizations
the girl felt motherly and useful
the girl lay in her arms lifelessly
the girl reminded her smilingly of their childhood spent together
the girl was frightened by her first petit mal
the girl's motherliness made her invaluable in caring for the children
the girls hated it when he tried to sneak a feel
the girls were just learning to ride a tricycle
the girls were well turned out and smart
the gist of the prosecutor's argument
the gizzards macerates the food in the digestive system
the glare of the sun snow-blinded her
the glaring sun
the glassy surface of the lake
the gleaming brass on the altar
the glibness of a high-pressure salesman
the globalization of the communication industry
the glooming interior of an old inn
the gloomy forest
the glorification of God
the glory of his envisioned future
the glory of the sunrise
the glottal stop and uvular `r' and `ch' in German `Bach' are guttural sounds
the glow of new love
the goal is zero population growth
the goal was to best the competition
the goalie made a brilliant save
the goals of the negotiators were not reciprocally exclusive
the gold dome of the Capitol
the golden calf
the golden rule of teaching is to be clear
the golden summer of his life
the golf ball was in an unplayable lie
the golfer asked for an official who could give him a ruling
the golfer hit a 300-yarder to the green
the golfer hit the ball well but his putting was spotty
the golfer sank a 40-footer
the golfer went to the driving range to practice his pivot
the good news sent her spirits aloft
the good-natured policeman on our block
the goods were taxed ad valorem
the gossip columnist got his information by visiting nightclubs every night
the governance of an association is responsible to its members
the government digested the entire law into a code
the government established a wage floor
the government has been urged to take immediate action to deal ruthlessly with the strikers
the government has categorized more than 320,000 foreigners as alien absconders
the government has come under attack
the government has done nothing to ease restrictions and manufacturers are growing restive
the government is operating in an economic straitjacket
the government made an announcement about changes in the drug war
the government must do its part
the government reduced taxes
the government took a firm course
the government took counterterror measures
the government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development
the government used price supports to maintain the price floor
the government used suppressive measures to control the protest
the government was not ready for a confrontation with the unions
the government was overthrown nonviolently, but the dictator was killed
the government's objective is to insure a genuinely level playing field for American industry and commerce in Europe
the government's weekly bite from my paycheck
the governor declared a state of emergency
the governor took Communion with the rest of the congregation
the governor took a hard line on drugs
the grammar schools were assuredly not intended for the gentry alone
the grammatic structure of a sentence
the grammatical elements of a sentence
the grandfather clock beat midnight
the grandfather dandled the small child
the grandiosity of his prose
the grandness of the architecture
the granite overlies the older rocks
the granulation of medicines
the grassroots factor in making the decision
the grateful warmth of the fire
the gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them
the gravitation of the middle class to the suburbs
the gravitational pull of a planet attracts other bodies
the gravity gradient of the moon causes the ocean tides on Earth
the great Moloch of war
the great auk
the great man was embarrassingly humble and self-effacing
the great minds of the 17th century
the great perpendicular face of the cliff
the great problem for jurisprudence to allow freedom while enforcing order
the greater Antilles
the greater penetration of the new projectiles will result in greater injuries
the greater the number of pixels per inch the greater the resolution
the greatest uncontrolled health problem is AIDS
the greediness of lawyers
the green-bosomed earth
the greenwood was Robin Hood's home
the grey wretchedness of the rain
the grim aftermath of the bombing
the grim task of burying the victims
the grocery store included a meat market
the gross details of the structure appear reasonable
the ground was boggy under foot
the ground-floor entrance is kept locked
the groundlessness of their report was quickly recognized
the grounds for their declaration
the group broke up
the group disintegrated after the leader died
the group joined together in a dramatic production
the group was closely knit
the groupies leeched onto the rock star
the growing inequality between rich and poor
the growing medium should be equal parts of sand and loam with an admixture of peat moss and cow manure
the growing season for corn
the growth in income translates into greater purchasing power
the growth of culture
the growth of population
the guard delivered the criminal to the police
the guard was found trussed up with his arms and legs securely tied
the guardian signed the contract on behalf of the minor child
the guardian's duties were primarily sanctionative rather than administrative
the guards stood stiff-backed and unsmiling
the guilty person
the gun in his pocket made an obvious bulge
the gun was steadied on a special rest
the gunfire endangered innocent bystanders
the gunman blasted away
the guns opened a withering fire
the gutsy...intensity of her musical involvement
the guy's only doing it for some doll
the gym has some of the most knocked-out equipment since Vic Tanny
the gymnast landed flawlessly
the gyral sulcus
the habit of meditation is the basis for all real knowledge
the habitable world
the habited men of the monastery
the habitual cheater finally saw the light
the hairdresser gave her hair a modest tinting
the halcyon days of the clipper trade
the half-life of humic acid is measured in centuries
the hall resounded with laughter
the hall was crowded with an overflow of partygoers
the hall was redolent of floor wax
the handle of the cup was missing
the handling of prisoners
the handover of occupied territory
the hands of an elderly arthritic
the hangdog and shamefaced air of the retreating enemy
the happiest person alive
the harassers were not members of the regular army
the hard disk in you computer is magnetic storage
the hard disk is covered with a thin coat of magnetic material
the hard thing about name-dropping is to avoid being too obvious about it
the hardening of concrete
the harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph
the harnessed power of the atom
the harsh cry of a blue jay
the harsh facts of court delays
the harsh sentence of an inclement judge
the harsh white light makes you screw up your eyes
the harshness of his punishment was inhuman
the harvesting was complete
the hastily buried corpses
the haul up the hill went very slowly
the haziness and wateriness of his disquisitions
the head of a comet
the head of security was a former policeman
the head of state in a republic is usually a president
the head of the column advanced boldly
the head of the department serves as an ex officio member of the board
the head of the hammer
the head of the humerus
the head of the list
the head of the nail
the head of the page
the head of the stairs
the head of the whole operation
the head terminating in the quaint duck bill which gives the animal its vernacular name
the heading seemed to have little to do with the text
the headless horseman
the headstones were tilted
the headwaters of the Nile
the health-care exigency
the healthy attitude of French laws
the heart and soul of the Republican Party
the heart of Birmingham's downtown
the heart valve's leakiness
the hearth was black with the charcoal of many fires
the heartrending words of Rabin's granddaughter
the heat deformed the plastic sculpture
the heat of condensation is equal to the heat of vaporization
the heat of fusion is equal to the heat of solidification
the heatable tip of a soldering iron
the heating system wasn't working
the heaviness of lead
the heaving of waves on a rough sea
the heavy brassbound door
the heavy tread of tired troops
the heavy-breathing person on the telephone
the hebephrenic--the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients
the hecklers pelted the discombobulated speaker with anything that came to hand
the hedgehog is a primitive and generalized mammal
the heedless generosity and the spasmodic extravagance of persons used to large fortunes
the hegemony of a single member state is not incompatible with a genuine confederation
the heifers run with the bulls to produce offspring
the height of this wall must be reduced proportionately to give the room pleasant dimensions
the heliacal or Sothic year is determined by the heliacal rising of Sothis (the Egyptian name for the Dog Star)
the heliacal rising of the Dog Star
the hell of battle
the helpings were all small
the hem fell shortly below her knees
the hem of her dress was stained
the hen settled herself on the nest most peacefully
the herd was grazing
the heroic age
the heroic attack on the beaches of Normandy
the high point of his career
the high priest
the high priest's divinatory pronouncement
the highlight of the tour was our visit to the Vatican
the highly charged issue of abortion
the highway was lined with signboards
the hikers sprained their ankles when they fell
the hilliness of West Virginia
the hills yonder
the hilus of the kidney
the hinder part of a carcass
the hinge is insecure
the hired hand fixed the railing
the historic first voyage to outer space
the historical Jesus
the historical context
the history is summed up concisely in this book
the history of the play throughout the latter part of the eighteenth century is monotonously uneventful
the history of this work is discussed in the next section
the holding company was just a blind
the holiday gave us the opportunity to visit Washington
the hollow sound of footsteps in the empty ballroom
the home crowd cheered when Princeton took the field
the home of the free and the brave
the home team had a comfortable lead
the homecoming of the released hostages was an affecting scene
the homeless became a problem in the large cities
the homely everyday atmosphere
the hominal kingdom
the homing instinct
the homogenization of cream
the honker was fined for disturbing the peace
the honoree gave his roasters as good as he got
the hope had been there all along
the hope that his superior campaigning skills would make a difference evaporated in the realization that electioneering had become a form of trench warfare
the hopeless hunted look on the prisoner's face
the horary cycle
the horn of an anvil
the horse geed
the horse had a blaze between its eyes
the horse on the right is the far horse
the horse pranced around skittishly
the horse remained unsubdued
the horse stood 20 hands
the horse that won the race is a good stayer
the horse trotted along at a steady pace
the horse was behaving fractiously and refused to jump
the horse was not accustomed to a bit
the horse was three lengths ahead going into the home stretch
the horse won by a neck
the horse's glossy coat
the horse's powerful kick
the horses foundered
the horses ran neck and neck
the horses single-footed
the horseshoe crab is not a true crab
the hose ejected a stream of water
the hospital encouraged early ambulation
the hospital has an excellent nursing staff
the hospital hired him to do scut work
the host is not always injured by association with a parasite
the hostage was blindfolded and driven away
the hostess averted a confrontation with a diplomatic chenage of subject
the hot rampageous horses of my will
the hound has a good nose
the hounds followed the fox's spoor
the hour is getting late
the house applauded
the house gets a percentage of every bet
the house had a neglected air
the house had fallen into a serious state of decay and disrepair
the house had its large windows oriented toward the ocean view
the house has been on the market almost a year and is still unsold
the house has fallen considerably in value
the house is available after July 1
the house is easy to heat
the house suffered severe damage
the house was a mess
the house was a wreck when they bought it
the house was built around an inner court
the house was built on the side of a mountain
the house was completed ahead of time
the house was filled with company when I arrived
the house was full
the house was in a terrible state of neglect
the house was substantially built
the house was tastefully decorated
the house was tastelessly decorated
the house was unrentable in that condition
the house yonder
the houses had much ornamental ironwork
the houses were jumbled together cheek by jowl
the houses were randomly scattered
the houses were strung out in a long row
the houses were swept away in the torrent
the housewife bored us with her domestically limited conversation
the howl of the wind made him restless
the huddled sheep turned their backs against the wind
the huge desert voids
the huge dog bore down on them with bared fangs and barking murderously
the hum of distant traffic
the human body
the human condition
the human genome contains approximately three billion chemical base pairs
the humanist belief in continuous emergent evolution
the humanistic revival of learning
the humors are blood and phlegm and yellow and black bile
the hump of a camel
the hunt for submarines
the hunter's approach scattered the geese
the hunters treed the bear with dogs and killed it
the hurricane demolished houses in its path
the hurricane left hundreds of house roofless
the hurried life of a city
the hydraulic press is an application of Pascal's law
the hydroxides of the alkali metals are strongly alkaline
the hypotenuse of a right triangle is always the longest side
the ice cream melted
the ice storm caused a power outage
the ice thawed
the icy river plunged, roaring, into the moulin's blue depths
the idea concretized in her mind
the idea for the book grew out of a short story
the idea had no practical application
the idea is so obvious
the idea occurs with increasing frequency in Hemingway's writings
the idea of another TV channel is now a dead duck
the idea of eating meat is repellent to me
the idea of having enough money to retire at fifty is very appealing
the idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy
the idea of the game is to capture all the pieces
the idea was immediate but the verbalism took hours
the idealization of rural life was very misleading
the ideas incorporated in his revised manuscript
the identified bodies were released for burial
the identity under numerical multiplication is 1
the idiomatic richness of English
the idle rich
the ignited paper
the illative faculty of the mind
the illness had reached an advanced stage
the illustrations made the book an aesthetic success
the image came to him subconsciously
the image is veiled or foggy
the image of f(x) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers
the immediacy of television coverage
the immediacy of their response
the immediate cause of the trouble
the immediate past
the immediate result
the immediate revisions
the immediate vicinity
the immigrants spoke an odd dialect of English
the immorality of basing the defense of the West on the threat of mutual assured destruction
the immovable hills
the immune response recognizes invading substances
the immune system
the immutable laws of nature
the impartial eye of a scientist
the imperial gallon was standardized legally throughout the British Empire
the imperialist nation wanted to strangle the free trade between the two small countries
the implantation of radioactive pellets in the prostate gland
the implosion of a light bulb
the import of his announcement was ambiguous
the importance of a well-balanced diet
the important questions of the day
the imposed taxation
the impregnation of wood with preservative
the impregnation, whatever it was, had turned the rock blue
the imprint of our wise and lamented friend
the imprisonment of captured soldiers
the improbability of such rare coincidences
the impulse knocked him over
the imputation that my success was due to nepotism meant that I was not taken seriously
the in basket
the in party
the in thing to do
the in vivo iodinating mechanism
the inaccessible Durga
the inadequacy of unemployment benefits
the inboard flaps on the wing
the inbound train
the incarnation of evil
the incessant voices of the artillery
the incident left him unstrung and incapable of rational effort
the incident triggered a political firestorm
the incidents woven into the story
the incision is healed
the incitement of mutiny
the included check
the incoming president
the inconclusive committee vote
the incongruous imagery in surreal art and literature
the inconvertibility of their currency made international trade impossible
the increase in unemployment
the increase is scheduled for next month
the increased immigration strengthened the colony
the increasing parcellation of land with every generation
the incumbent governor
the incurability of his optimism
the incurably servile housekeeper
the incursion of television into the American living room
the indigenous peoples of Australia
the individualism of the frontier in Andrew Jackson's day
the induction of an anesthetic state
the industrial base of Japan
the industrial classes
the industrial revolution
the industrial revolution opened a new chapter in British history
the industrial revolution was a period of great turbulence
the industrial revolution was also a cultural revolution
the ineffable name of the Deity
the inequitable division of wealth
the inertia of an object at rest
the inevitable changes of the seasons
the inevitable result
the inexpressible, unpaintable `tick' in the unconscious
the inexpungible scent of a bottle of perfume he had broken
the infamous Benedict Arnold
the infant was born with a double harelip and cleft palate
the infant was suckling happily
the infection of his enthusiasm for poetry
the infection precipitated a high fever and allergic reactions
the infection spread
the infelicitous typesetting was due to illegible copy
the inferno of the engine room
the infielder's snap and throw was a single motion
the infiltration of seawater through the lava
the infinite ingenuity of man
the inflamed clouds at sunset
the inflected forms of a word can be represented by a stem and a list of inflections to be attached
the influence of economists--or at any rate of economics--is far-reaching
the influence of environment is indeterminate
the influence of mechanical action
the information explosion
the informed customer
the ingredients sat in the bowl unstirred while she buttered the pan
the inhabitants of Jerusalem are personified as `the daughter of Zion'
the inhabited regions of the earth
the inherence of polysemy in human language
the inherent antagonism of capitalism and socialism
the inheritance was equitably divided among the sisters
the inhibition of the heart by the vagus nerve
the initial statement of the sonata
the initiative phase in the negotiations
the injury hurt badly
the ink has dried
the inn is distinguished by the fineness of its cuisine
the inn was a renovation of a Colonial house
the inner ear
the inner logic of Cubism
the innermost chamber
the innocencies of childhood
the inorganic mineral world
the inorganic world is inanimate
the inquisitorial power of the Senate
the inscrutability of the future
the inscrutable workings of Providence
the insect larva pupate
the insertion of a vowel in the plural of the word `bush' is epenthesis
the inside lane
the inside of the house was airy and light
the inside of the pipe has gummed up
the insistence of their hunger
the instancy of modern communication
the institution of marriage
the institution of slavery
the instructor took the soft option and gave the boy a passing grade
the insufferable heat of August in a New York apartment with no air conditioning
the insulation of England was preserved by the English Channel
the insult passed as if unnoticed
the insult was intentional
the insurance adjuster declared the automobile totaled
the insurance company says that you need a written referral from your physician before seeing a specialist
the insurance will replace the lost income
the intangible constituent of energy
the integrity of the nervous system is required for normal development
the intemperance of their language
the intensified scrutiny of the candidate's background
the intensity of stress is expressed in units of force divided by units of area
the intentness of his gaze
the interaction effect is significant at the .01 level
the interaction of yin and yang maintains the harmony of the universe
the interested parties met to discuss the business
the interface between chemistry and biology
the internal contradictions of the theory
the international tennis circuit
the internees were enemy aliens and suspected terrorists
the interplay of these conjoined yet opposed factors
the interspersion of illustrations in the text
the interstices of a network
the interval determining the coincidence gate is adjustable
the intimate (or sexual) relations between husband and wife
the intimate structure of matter
the intolerable license with which the newspapers break...the rules of decorum
the intoxication of wealth and power
the introitus of the vagina
the intussuscepted gut
the invaders did their worst
the invaders encountered stiff opposition
the invaders scorched the land
the invaders seized the land and property of the inhabitants
the invagination of the blastula
the invalid's blanched cheeks
the invariance of the configuration under translation
the invasion acted as a catalyst to unite the country
the invention of the knitting frame by another ingenious English clergyman
the invention of the microscope led to the discovery of the cell
the inventor worked for years before hitting pay dirt
the investigation was very systematic
the investigative committee will hold hearings in Chicago
the investment banker who handles a rights offering usually agrees to buy any shares not bought by shareholders
the invigorating mountain air
the invisible man
the invitation cards were written up daintily in white and gold
the involved muscles
the inwardness of the body's organs
the ionization of a gas
the iris has an ensiform leaf
the iron interests stepped up production
the iron is disconnected
the irony of Ireland's copying the nation she most hated
the island's peaked hills
the islands are of strategic importance
the islands have a number of interesting endemic species
the isometries of the cube
the issue could be settled by requiring public education for everyone
the issue is uncertain
the issue of the death penalty is highly controversial
the issue underlying the strike was unionization
the issue was handled only in a gingerly way
the jagged outline of the crags
the jangle of spurs
the jar had a wide mouth
the jarring noise of the iron gate scraping on the sidewalk
the jealous man was eavesdropping on his wife's conversations
the jejune diets of the very poor
the jet was directed axially toward the cathode
the jet's performance conformed to high standards
the jeweler's mind game is to convince lovers that the size of a gemstone reflects the depth of their feelings
the jewelry was made by internationally famous craftsmen
the jingle of coins
the job fell right in my lap
the job is (just) about done
the job is attractive because of the pay
the job is executable for two million dollars
the job is still open
the job of compiling the inventory took several hours
the job of repairing the engine took several hours
the job specifications summarized the design criteria
the job was delayed because the paper feed was clogged
the job was finished in the span of an hour
the job was just a stepping stone on his way to fame and riches
the job will take more than an hour
the joining of hands around the table
the jolly crowd at the reunion
the jolt caused many slips and a few spills
the jolted passengers
the joy of a realized ambition overcame him
the judge conceded the newsworthiness of the trial
the judge dissolved the tobacco company
the judge listened to the accused unsympathetically
the judge makes a circuit of the courts in his district
the judge recognized the fairness of my claim
the judge sat there solemnly
the judge set bail at $10,000
the judge was solemn as he pronounced sentence
the judge went easy on the young defendant
the judge's charge to the jury
the judge's decision is final
the judge's ruling was handed down in a preliminary hearing rather than a trial and was therefore unappealable
the judges agreed on his unfitness for the appointment
the judges all wigged and robed
the judgment was rescindable
the judicial system suffered from too much technicality and formality
the judiciary is built on the reasonableness of judges
the jumper's parachute opened
the jumping was unexpected
the junior class
the junior faculty
the jurisdictional limits of a state
the jury awarded a million dollars to the plaintiff
the jury found him not guilty by reason of insanity
the just-weaned calf bawled for its mother
the justification of barbarous means by holy ends
the jutting limb of a tree
the juvenile was sentenced to six months in a penal institution
the kafkaesque terror of the endless interrogations
the kangaroo's forearms seem undeveloped but the powerful five-fingered hands are skilled at feinting and clouting
the kettle was singing
the key of D major
the key to development is economic integration
the keystone of campaign reform was the ban on soft money
the kick must be synchronized with the arm movements
the kick was wide
the kid had a candied apple on a stick
the kidnapper's exorbitant demands for money
the kidney stones were removed ultrasonically
the kids played their music at full volume
the kids were huffing glue
the king cobra is the most dangerous snake
the king imposed a punishing tax
the king sat on his throne
the king will visit the duke's court
the king's incurable indecisiveness caused turmoil in his court
the king's prepossession in my favor is very valuable
the kitchen smelled really funky
the kitchen was unappealingly dirty
the knife cut through the flesh
the knife is rather dull
the knife was too dull to be of any use
the knight unsheathed his sword
the knightly years
the knocker thudded against the front door
the knocking grew louder
the knots allowed no slippage
the label modern is applied to many different kinds of architecture
the laboratory is dead ahead
the laboratory runs on a budget of a million a year
the laboratory's floor space
the laborers drift from one town to the next
the labour movement allowed itself to be run out of power tamely
the lack of consensus reflected differences in theoretical positions
the lack of robustness in the findings may be due to the small size of the sample
the lack of sunlight dwarfed these pines
the laconic reply; `yes'
the ladder felt a little wobbly
the lake shallowed over time
the lakes of Minnesota began when Paul Bunyan and Babe's footprints filled with water
the lamp was incandesced
the land had never been plowed
the land rejuvenated
the landed gentry
the landless peasantry
the landlord can evict a tenant who doesn't pay the rent
the landlord demises unto the tenant the premises hereinafter called the demised premises
the landscape architect suggested a small planting in the northwest corner
the landscape unit drawn diagrammatically illustrates the gentle rolling relief, with a peat-filled basin
the landscape was a discontinuous mosaic of fields and forest areas
the landscape was estranging
the landslide he had in the electoral college obscured the narrowness of a victory based on just 43% of the popular vote
the language introduced is standard throughout the text
the language of sociology
the lap of the shingles should be at least ten inches
the large beam-ceilinged living room
the large shoes were very loose
the largest drug bust yet
the larvae of some moths spin a web that resembles a carpet
the larval eye
the larval stage
the last bastion of communism
the last chapter we read
the last day of the month
the last days of the dinosaurs
the last despairing plea of the condemned criminal
the last forlorn attempt
the last game of the season
the last gasp of the cold war
the last hurdle before graduation
the last issue of penicillin was over a month ago
the last man they would have chosen for the job
the last mentioned pianist
the last note of the song rang out plaintively
the last of a series of BBC specials on Iran is being shown tonight
the last of the big spenders
the last person we would have suspected
the last rites
the last thing in swimwear
the last time I saw Paris
the late afternoon light coming through the el tracks fell in pale oblongs on the street
the late phase of feudalism
the lateral branches of a tree
the latest Xbox game is so popular, shops are warning of a probable sellout before Christmas
the latest crop of fashions is about to hit the stores
the latter-day problems of our society
the laughter died down
the lavatory is in use
the law came looking for him
the law gives little protection to whistleblowers who feel the public has a right to know what is going on
the law is already in effect (or in force)
the law is effective immediately
the law is still in effect
the law itself was unclear on that point
the law seems to give more protection to the mugger than to the muggee
the law took many turnings over the years
the lawn needs a great deal of watering
the lawnmower is a bit rusty but still usable
the laws are stringently enforced
the laws of nature
the laws of thermodynamics
the lawyer argued spuriously that his client knew nothing of the burglary
the lawyer had a presentiment that the judge would dismiss the case
the lawyer has a good record
the lawyer questioned the truth of my account
the lawyers tried to impeach the credibility of the witnesses
the lay ministry
the laziness of the day helped her to relax
the lead climber looked strong still but his partner often slumped in his ropes
the lead role was played by an import from Sweden
the lead times for many publications can vary tremendously
the lead was in the dummy
the leader of the majority party is the Speaker of the House of Representatives
the leading edge of technology
the leading man
the leading team in the pennant race
the leafless branches etched against the sky
the leakiness of the boat made it dangerous to use
the leakiness of the roof
the leaning tower of Pisa
the least common multiple of 12 and 18 is 36
the least preponderance in either pan will unbalance the scale
the leaves rustled tremulously in the wind
the leaves stuck together
the leaves were tinged red in November
the lecture was accompanied by dramatic demonstrations
the lecture was beyond his most strenuous graspings
the lecturer shot off a pistol as a demonstration of the startle response
the left bank of a river is bank on your left side when you are facing downstream
the left guard was injured on the play
the leftmost non-zero digit
the legal profession
the legal status of same-sex marriages has been hotly debated
the legendary exploits of the arctic trailblazers
the legislation has now been revived after ten years in the deep freeze
the legislation ran into a logjam
the legislature enacted this law in 1985
the legitimate heir
the length of the table was 5 feet
the lengthwise dimension
the less he knows the more positive he gets
the lesser anteater
the lesser of two evils
the lesser powers of Europe
the letter arrived unsealed
the letter brought back a clear image of his grandfather
the letter came collect
the letter consisted of three short lines
the letter remained unwritten and unsent
the letter was already open
the letter was stiff and formal
the level of activity declines with age
the librarian shelved the new accessions
the library had to discard books that had lost their topicality
the library was a member of the interlibrary loan association
the libration of the moon
the license is invalid
the license is still valid
the light of my life
the light shone dully through the haze
the light time from Jupiter to the sun is approximately 43 minutes
the light touch of her fingers
the light was filtered through a soft glass window
the light-fingered thoughtfulness...of the most civilized playwright of the era
the lighted candles
the lighted ribbon of traffic
the lighthouse, flashing feebly against the sleet-blurred, rocky backdrop of the coast of north west Norway
the lightness of balsa wood
the lights are off
the lights dimmed and the curtain rose
the lights went on
the like period of the preceding year
the limb of the sextant
the limitless reaches of outer space
the limits of the known world
the limousine offers door-to-door service
the line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed
the line on the monitor vacillated
the line stretched clear around the corner
the linebackers were ready to stop a rush
the liner's maiden voyage
the lines on the sheet of paper are skewed
the lingual surface of the teeth
the lion and other carnivorous animals
the lion is rampant in this heraldic depiction
the lion is the king of beasts
the liquid air of a spring morning
the liquid grace of a ballerina
the liquid gradually settled
the liquid in this can lubricates well
the liquid jelled after we added the enzyme
the liquid song of a robin
the list of available candidates is unusually long
the list was arranged alphabetically
the literacy rate
the literary judge uses many evaluative terms
the little boy's parents think he is spirited, but his teacher finds him unruly
the little girl self-consciously recited the poem
the little grey cells
the little tip-up seat of the taxi
the little yellow stain of treason
the liveliness and pleasingness of dark eyes
the liver is somewhat ventral in position
the living image of her mother
the living knew themselves just sentient puppets on God's stage
the living room was pure camp
the loading took 2 hours
the local citizens
the local gentry and professional classes had held aloof for the school had accepted their sons readily enough
the local library is a valuable resource
the local news station broadcast a special weather update
the local seemed to take forever to get to New York
the localized infection formed a definite abscess
the lock was secure
the locks have not yet been keyed
the locus of points equidistant from a given point is a circle
the lodgment of the balloon in the tree
the logical clearness of her arguments...condemned her as eccentric and unwomanly
the lone doctor in the entire county
the lone skier on the mountain
the loneliest night of the week
the long repression of Christian sects
the long sought relatives
the long-run significance of the elections
the long-term reconstruction of countries damaged by the war
the long-term results of cardiac transplantation are now excellent
the long-term unemployed need assistance
the longstanding conflict
the loosely played game
the loosening of his grip
the loss of vital heat in shock
the lost platoon
the lost tribe
the lost-and-found department
the louche world of the theater
the loud noise startled him awake
the loutish manners of a bully
the lovers met discreetly for the purposes of sexual congress
the lovers scratched their names into the bark of the tree
the low-toned murmur of the surf
the lower the standard of living the easier it is to introduce an autocratic production system
the lucent moon
the luck of the Irish
the luck of the draw
the lumen of the intestine
the luxury and corruption among the upper classes
the lyric stage
the machine dispenses soft drinks
the machine is now in working order
the machine punched out metal circles
the machine's ungeared pinion
the machinery of command labored and brought forth an order
the machinery sat idle during the strike
the magazine was glossily printed
the magazine's inaugural issue
the magnetic chips of steel produced by a cutting tool are attractable by a magnet
the magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise
the magnifying glass was invented by Roger Bacon in 1250
the mail handles billions of items every day
the main (or independent) clause in a complex sentence has at least a subject and a verb
the main body of the sound ran parallel to the coast
the main deck was afloat (or awash)
the main doors were of solid glass
the main library and its auxiliary branches
the main point on the agenda was taken up first
the maitre d' gave them the red-carpet treatment
the major tendencies operative in the American political system
the major term of a syllogism must occur twice
the majority of Irani are Persian Shiite Muslims
the majority of Iraqi are Arab Shiite Muslims although Sunni Muslims control the government
the majority of his customers prefer it
the make-believe world of theater
the making of measurements
the male fur seal is much larger than the female
the male lead
the male population
the man began quaveringly to question the soldier
the man confessed tearfully to having beaten his wife
the man had a heart attack and keeled over
the man was attainted
the manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation
the manager pacified the customer with a smooth apology for the error
the manager was a beautifully groomed young man
the managers presented their cards to the umpire at home plate
the mansion seemed grandly large by today's standards
the manufacturer provided an exploded view of the apparatus
the manuscript contained unoriginal emendations
the manuscript is not rubricated
the many closed streets made travel difficult
the many hardships of frontier life
the many protestations did not stay the execution
the many-armed goddess Shiva
the map showed roads and other features
the marathon runner did not warm up and hurt himself
the marathon tests a runner's endurance
the marble slabs were cut across
the march of science
the march of time
the march went up Fifth Avenue
the mare foaled
the margin of victory
the marginal strip of beach
the marginalization of literature
the marginalization of the underclass
the margins of his book were generously supplied with pencilled NBs
the market always frustrates the small investor
the market for computers is soft
the market for software is expected to expand
the market had one bad blip today
the market is depressed
the market is swinging up and down
the market is up
the market took a downturn
the market was up at the finish
the marketable surplus
the marriage of music and dance
the masculine rhyme of `annoy, enjoy'
the masked face of a raccoon
the master bedroom
the mastery of fire was a huge advance in human technology
the material absorbs shock and is used for shock-absorbent insoles
the material lost 2 inches per yard in shrinkage
the material universe
the materialization of her dream
the materials at the command of the potters grew
the mating of some species occurs only in the spring
the matter remained in suspense for several years
the matter was referred to higher authorities
the mayor inaugurally drove the spade into the ground
the mayor proposed extensive cuts in the city budget
the mayor threw out the first ball
the mayor tried to maintain city services
the meal was tastily cooked
the mean annual rainfall
the measurements were carefully done
the meat grinder of politics destroyed his reputation
the meat is still good
the meat is unhygienically processed on wooden tables
the meat must be eaten before it spoils
the meat was swimming in a fatty gravy
the mechanic bled the engine
the mechanic removed the cowling in order to repair the plane's engine
the mechanic's failure to check the brakes
the mechanical pressure of a strong wind
the mechanical watch needs rewinding every day
the mechanics of prose style
the mechanism jammed
the mechanism of infection
the mechanism of the ear
the media representatives had special passes
the media's characterization of Al Gore as a nerd
the median income for the year was $15,000
the median value of 17, 20, and 36 is 20
the mediated settlement brought satisfaction to both sides
the medical establishment doesn't profit from preventive medicine
the medical fraternity
the medical profession
the medical services are excellent
the medicine affects my heart rate
the medicine is efficacious in stopping a cough
the medicine soothes the pain of the inflammation
the medicine's effect was opposite to that intended
the medulla oblongata is the most vital part of the brain because it contains centers controlling breathing and heart functioning
the meeting elected a chairperson
the meeting ended inconclusively
the meeting was a dud as far as new business was concerned
the meeting was attended by spokespersons for all the major organs of government
the melodious song of a meadowlark
the melon had a delicious taste
the members of these groups do not express themselves as accurately or as elegantly as their critics do
the memorable opening bars of Beethoven's Fifth
the men became mutinous and insubordinate
the men languidly put on their jackets
the men were flung sky-high by the explosion
the men were sitting in the cafe and shooting the breeze
the men's vibrant voices
the mental strain of staying alert hour after hour was too much for him
the menu was in French
the mercantile North was forging ahead
the merchandise was unrequested
the merciless enemy
the mercury was falling rapidly
the merging of the two groups occurred quickly
the meshing of gears
the message was addressed not just to employees but to every member of the company family
the message was transcribed literatim
the message was typewritten and unsigned
the metamorphosis of the old house into something new and exciting
the meteorites struck the earth with hypervelocity impacts
the metric system
the miasma of the marshes
the microcosmic world of business
the middle of the war
the middle point on a line
the might have repercussions of unimaginable largeness
the mighty logger Paul Bunyan
the military commander was exfiltrated on a French plane
the military machine is the same one we faced in 1991 but now it is weaker
the mills were owned communally
the mimetic presentation of images
the mimetic tendency of infancy
the mimic warfare of the opera stage
the mind functions on many strata simultaneously
the mind of the audience is becoming dulled
the mining company wants to excavate the hillside
the ministry considers that contributions to such a fund should be met from voluntary donations rather than from rates compulsorily levied.
the minor keys
the mint tea is infusing
the misery and wretchedness of those slums is intolerable
the mislaid hat turned up eventually
the misty evening
the mixing of sound channels in the recording studio
the mob boss wanted his rival out of the way
the modal age at which American novelists reach their peak is 30
the models show by analogy how matter is built up
the modern world with its quick material successes and insolent belief in the boundless possibilities of progress
the modernization of Nigeria will be a long process
the modestness of the living standards here becomes obvious immediately
the molded steel plates
the moment he arrived the party began
the momentary stay enabled him to escape the blow
the momentum of the particles was deduced from meteoritic velocities
the monarch's imposing presence
the monarch's last days
the money vanished in las Vegas
the mongoloid epicanthic fold
the monistic school would regard national law and international law as an integrated whole
the monitoring of enemy communications plays an important role in war times
the monkeys brachiate
the monocled gentleman
the monolithic proportions of Stalinist architecture
the monsoon left the whole place awash
the monthly newsletter
the monument consists of two vertical pillars supporting a horizontal slab
the mood posterior to
the moon cast soft shadows
the moon is at the full
the moon is down
the moon is set
the moon is waning
the moon is waxing
the moon's disk hung in a cloudless sky
the moon-splashed world
the moonlit landscape
the moral and material welfare of all good citizens
the moral of the story is to love thy neighbor
the more hieratic sculptures leave the viewer curiously unmoved
the more remote the body the less the gravity
the more ruffianly element
the more sensible parts of the skin
the morning is as clear as diamond or as hyaline
the morning of the world
the morphological relation between `sing' and `singer' and `song' is derivational
the most abject slaves joined in the revolt
the most beneficent regime in history
the most bodacious display of tourism this side of Anaheim
the most calculating and selfish men in the community
the most common type of bond is the straight or plain vanilla bond
the most daring of contemporary fiction writers
the most desirable feature of the park are the beautiful views
the most dulcet swimming on the most beautiful and remote beaches
the most exhausting and eventful day of my life
the most incomprehensible thing about the universe is that it is comprehensible
the most intractable issue of our era
the most nerveless winner in the history of the tournament
the most normal person I've ever met
the most numinous moment in the Mass
the most philharmonic ear is at times deeply affected by a simple air
the most powerful government in western Europe
the most protected spot I could find
the most recent ice age was during the Pleistocene
the most repulsive character in recent novels
the most resourceful cook in town
the most shocking book of its time
the most sought-after item was the silver candelabrum
the most terrible and shuddery...tales of murder and revenge
the most unaware person I've known
the most vocal and pertinacious of all the critics
the most-valuable player award
the mother of three children
the mother provides emotional anchorage for the entire family
the mother seated the toddler on the high chair
the mother talked soothingly to her child
the mother was awarded custody of the children
the mother was stern and disciplinary
the motor burns cleanly
the motor is dead
the motor was out of commission
the motor whirred
the motorboat's wake capsized the canoe
the mountain was clothed in tropical trees
the mountains brooded immovably above the river
the mountains rose precipitously from the shore
the mouth was slightly open, and jerked violently and spasmodically at one corner
the mouthpiece of a respirator
the movement is philosophically indebted to Rousseau
the movement of a solute down its concentration gradient is called diffusion
the movement of cargo onto the vessel
the movement of people from the farms to the cities
the movement to end slavery
the movers cursed the unwieldiness of the big piano
the movers were very careful with the grand piano
the movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound
the movie director had thespian cooperation
the movie is unsuitable for children
the movie was a bad choice
the movie was an old-fashioned hair-raiser
the movie was in black and white
the moving parts of the machine
the mower cuts off the tops of the grass
the much imitated arch and column compositions known as the Palladian motif
the mud subsides when the waters become calm
the muddied grey of the sea
the muffled noises of the street
the muffled tones of the broken bell summoned them to meet
the multifarious noise of a great city
the multiform universe of nature and man
the multiplex opportunities in high technology
the multiplex problem of drug abuse
the multiplication of four by three gives twelve
the multiplicative tendency of proportional representation
the multitudinous seas
the murder of his kingly guest
the murdered woman
the murderer confessed that he threw the stiff in the river
the murderer is present in this room
the murderer was incarcerated for the rest of his life
the murderer was sentenced to die in the chair
the muscles and nerves of his fine drawn body were coiling for action
the muscular and passionate Fifth Symphony
the museum had many exhibits of oriental art
the museum had planned carefully for the flow of visitors
the museum houses a replica of the jet hydroplane that broke the record
the museum sold off its collection of French impressionists to raise money
the museum stored all frangible articles in locked showcases
the music department provided studios for their students
the music ends with a display of bravura
the music faded away
the music had a fullness that echoed through the hall
the music surged up
the musician and the librettist were collaborators
the musicians left their instrument cases backstage
the mutable ways of fortune
the mutation has been evolutionarily successful
the mutative processes of nature
the mutual adhesiveness of cells
the mutual interests of management and labor
the mutuality of their affection was obvious
the mysterious affinity between them
the mysterious presence of an evil power
the mystery has been heightened by many embellishments in subsequent retellings
the mystical style of Blake
the mysticism so foreign to the French mind and temper
the nail punched through the wall
the nails were clinched
the naive assumption that things can only get better
the nakedness of the landscape
the name was a by-word of scorn and opprobrium throughout the city
the narrow sense of a word
the narrowness of the road
the nasal passages
the nascent chicks
the nation's internal politics
the national government
the national highway system
the national leadership adopted his plan
the national mood had changed radically since the last election
the national socialist party came to power in Germany in 1933
the native North American sugar maple
the natives...being...of an intelligent tractable disposition
the nativistic faith preaches the old values
the naturalization in English of many Italian words
the nays have it
the near or nigh horse is the one on the left
the nearby towns
the nearest approach to genius
the nearest to an angelic being that treads this terrestrial ball
the neat exactness of the surgeon's knife
the nebular hypothesis of the origin of the solar system
the necessary consequences of one's actions
the necessary funds were obtained by the government's appropriation of the company's operating unit
the need for informational flexibility can lead to adhocracy
the needle of a magnetic compass points to the magnetic north pole
the needle on the meter was oscillating
the negations of sectarian ideology
the negotiations were in arrest
the neighborhood had undergone few modifications since his last visit years ago
the neighborhood is ethnically diverse
the neighboring house
the neighboring tribe staged an invasion
the neoclassical canon
the neonatal period
the nerve center of the diamond industry is in Amsterdam
the nerve is alive
the nerve is dead
the nervy feats of mountaineers
the net result
the network has barely 5 percent of viewers
the network's fall lineup
the network's homogenization of political news
the networks compete to broadcast important sports events
the neurons fired fast
the neutralization of Belgium
the never-ending cycle of the seasons
the never-ending search for happiness
the new President must bring about a change in the health care system
the new administration's large tax cut was highly controversial
the new advertising campaign was a bell ringer
the new art museum is expected to improve the quality of life
the new cameras adjust the diaphragm automatically
the new car is a delight
the new car was prominently displayed in the driveway
the new director of the school board mandated regular tests
the new freedom in movies and novels
the new hires need special training
the new house suited them to a T
the new hybrid is more resistant to drought
the new industry's economic shakedown
the new insurance policy is written without cryptic or mysterious terms
the new law might abridge our freedom of expression
the new leader had a galvanic effect on morale
the new line of cars will soon be on sale
the new management was like a breath of fresh air
the new men were eager to fight
the new model is a shade better than the old one
the new moon peeped through the tree tops
the new musical was visually and aurally appealing
the new nation is a testing ground for socioeconomic theories
the new neighbor looks down on us because our house is very modest
the new neighbors behave quite unsociably
the new policy will be a pacesetter in community relations
the new president obviously enjoyed his inauguration
the new president was installed immediately after the election
the new product caught their competitors flat-footed
the new recycling policy is environmentally safe
the new school represents a great improvement
the new start-up company carved out a large chunk of the market within a year
the new stock market was unhampered by tradition
the new style of Minoan pottery was sharply defined
the new teacher alienates the children by behaving prissily
the newcomers were met by smiling greeters
the newly elected congressmen rejected a compromise because they considered it `business as usual'
the newly opened road
the newness and flux of the computer industry
the news caused a general advance on the stock market
the news caused a sensation
the news had a sobering effect
the news is up-to-the-minute
the news make her feel comforted
the news of my death was greatly exaggerated
the news of their affair was spread by word of mouth
the news spread far and wide
the news spread rapidly through the medical community
the news spread rapidly through the medical profession
the news was announced to the nation
the news was eagerly awaited
the news was very bad
the newspaper devoted several columns to the subject
the newspaper published charges that Jones was guilty of drunken driving
the newspaper reports no discernible progress in the negotiations
the newspaper's proclaimed adherence to the government's policy
the newspapers were arranged on a rack
the next item on the list
the next morning they carried out a strafe of enemy airfields
the next president
the nickname for the U.S. Constitution is `Old Ironsides'
the night was deathly cold
the night was still
the nightlife of Montmartre awed the unsophisticated tourists
the ninth century was the spiritually freest period
the no-nonsense tones of a stern parent
the noctilucent eyes of a cat
the nodding (or napping) grandmother in her rocking chair
the noise became a steadied roaring
the noisy voice of the waterfall
the nomad life is rough and hazardous
the nomadic habits of the Bedouins
the nominal (or titular) head of his party
the nominal GDP
the nomination was brief and to the point
the nonagenarian inhabitants of the nursing home
the nonnative population of South Africa
the nonprofessional wives of his male colleagues
the nonrestrictive clause in `I always buy his books, which have influenced me greatly,' refers to his books generally and adds an additional fact about them
the nonsyllabic `i' in `oi'
the nonsyllabic `n' in `botany' when it is pronounced `botny'
the normal course of events
the north and south geographic poles
the north portico
the north wind doth blow
the north-central part of Russia
the northbound lane
the northeasterly part of the island
the northeastern trend of the coast
the northern hemisphere
the northern suburbs
the northward flow of traffic
the nose of the rocket heated up on reentry
the notification stated the grace period and the penalties for defaulting
the notion of an office running without paper is absurd
the notion of any transcendent reality beyond thought
the novel about ghetto life was true to life
the novel attained the status of a classic
the novel had chapter titles
the novel spun a miasma of death and decay
the novel was made into a film in 1943 and again in 1967; I prefer the former version to the latter one
the novel was telescoped into a short play
the novel's seamless plot
the now-aging dictator
the nub of the story
the nuclear core of the congregation
the number of emergency patients has grown rapidly
the number of keystrokes was used as a measure of work
the number of parameters is small
the numbing effect of grief
the numerical superiority of the enemy
the nurse gave him a flu shot
the nurse looked at him pityingly
the nurse was attentive to her patient
the nurse was expert at the withdrawal of blood
the nurse whispered fatefully to call the priest
the oak is implicit in the acorn
the oath of office is...demonstrative of the legislative opinion on this subject
the obedient colonies...are heavily taxed; the refractory remain unburdened
the object being control or moderation of economic depressions
the object of life is to satisfy as many appetencies as possible
the object of my affection
the object of the verb
the oblateness of the planet
the obliging waiter was in no hurry for us to leave
the oblique rays of the winter sun
the obscene massacre at Wounded Knee
the obsessional character of his response
the obtrusive behavior of a spoiled child
the obverse of this issue
the occipital protuberance was well developed
the occupied countries of Europe
the occurrence (or presence) of life on other planets
the ocean is a sink for carbon dioxide
the oceanic violence of his rage
the oceans are teeming with life
the odds-on favorite
the odorous air of the orchard
the offenders deserved the harsh discipline they received
the offense was unintentional
the offer was a sop to my feelings
the office next door
the office of a clergyman is twofold; public preaching and private influence
the office was full of secret heads
the officer's equivocal behavior increased the victim's uneasiness
the offices of the mass
the official maund in India is 82.6 pounds avoirdupois
the officiating was excellent
the oil boom enriched a lot of local people
the oil saponified
the oil spill is contained
the okapi is a short-necked primitive cousin of the giraffe
the old Hebrew prophets
the old Roman wall
the old boat was moving along creakily
the old bugaboo of inflation still bothers them
the old car needed a new set of shocks
the old car needs constant attention
the old dog was so spry it was halfway up the stairs before we could stop it
the old fur coat must be relined
the old lady expressed herself somewhat quaintly
the old lady is beginning to behave quite dottily
the old lady's quavering voice
the old man had greeted her gleefully
the old man had no teeth left and mumbled his food
the old man just sat on the porch and rocked back and forth all day
the old man still walks erectly
the old man's fists were two great gnarls
the old man's gaunt and elongated frame
the old man's muscles were sagging flabbily
the old man's scraggly beard
the old man's skin hung loose and grey
the old nativist prejudice against the foreign businessman
the old oaken bucket
the old product was reincarnated to appeal to a younger market
the old salt had sailed the seven seas
the old stubborn nonconformist spirit of the early settlers
the old woman's shriveled skin
the older soldiers
the oldest known wheeled vehicles were found in Sumer and Syria and date from around 3500 BC
the once capital of the state
the once elegant temple lay in virtual ruin
the once inhospitable landscape is now tamed
the one and only Muhammad Ali
the one appointed for guard duty
the only city of any size in that area
the only cloud on the horizon was the possibility of dissent by the French
the only foothold left for British troops in Europe was Gibraltar
the only friendly person here
the only growth was some salt grass
the only surviving frontier blockhouse in Pennsylvania
the onset of pneumonia
the onset of unwieldiness and bureaucracy in large organizations
the onsets were closely timed
the open countryside
the opened package lay on the table
the opening established the basic theme
the opening of his arms was the sign I was waiting for
the opening received good critical reviews
the openness of the prairies
the opera season was oversubscribed
the opera was broadcast live
the operating conditions of the oxidation pond
the operation of a computer presents and interesting analogy to the working of the brain
the operations in building a house
the operative word
the operator of the switchboard
the operator put a call through to Rio
the opponent refused to strike
the opposite sex
the oppressive government
the optic (or optical) axis of the eye
the optics of a telescope
the oracular sayings of Victorian poets
the oral cavity
the oral mucous membrane
the oral surface of a starfish
the orator spoke magniloquently
the orbit period depends on the altitude of the satellite
the orchestra faced the prospect of disbandment
the orchestra omitted the last twelve bars of the song
the order of Saint Benedict
the orderly laid out the general's uniform
the ordinary (or common) man in the street
the ordinary reader is endowed with considerable wisdom and knowledge of the way of the world
the organ of the communist party
the organismic theory of the state
the organist pulled out all the stops
the organization was driven underground
the orifice into the aorta from the lower left chamber of the heart
the original Jihad was responsible for the assassination of Anwar Sadat in 1981
the original cast
the original inhabitants of the Americas
the original performance of the opera
the ornaments dangled from the tree
the oscillations were isochronal
the ostensible truth of their theories
the other evening
the other sex
the other side of the hill is right smart steeper than the side we are on
the out basket
the out doorway
the out islands
the out surface of a ship's hull
the outboard section of a wing
the outbreak of hostilities
the outcome depends on the configuration of influences at the time
the outcome justified the search
the outcome of expansion in the sixties and seventies will be an academic hierarchy securely supported by scholastic selection
the outcome of the vote was an embarrassment for the liberals
the outcome was in his favor
the outcome was otherwise
the outdoor world
the outer ear
the outer suburbs
the outgoing president
the outlandish clothes of teenagers
the outreach toward truth of the human spirit
the outside lane
the outside world
the outward passage took 10 days
the outwardness of the world
the outworks of the castle
the oven is off
the overall cost
the overall pattern of his life
the overall rate of incidence of Down's syndrome is one in every 800 births
the overcritical teacher can discourage originality
the overland route used by Marco Polo
the overpressure of the blast kills by lethal concussion
the oversight was not imputable to him
the owl's faint monotonous hooting
the own goal cost them the game
the owner is usually the namer of a boat
the owner's mark was on all the sheep
the oxidation number of hydrogen is +1 and of oxygen is -2
the oxidized form of iodine
the oxygenation of the blood
the pace of events accelerated
the pacific temper seeks to settle disputes on grounds of justice rather than by force
the pacifistically inclined liberals
the package is still sealed
the packaging of new ideas
the pain is as if sharp points pinch your back
the pain of loneliness
the painful gasps of a dying asthmatic
the painful process of growing up
the paint is dry
the painted desert
the painter applied a base coat followed by two finishing coats
the painting featured freely brushed strokes
the painting that others found so beautiful was a horror to him
the painting was reproduced humiliatingly small
the paintings in the church served an edifying purpose even for those who could not read
the paintings were delivered to the museum in an air-conditioned armored car
the palace issued an order binding on all subjects
the palatial residence
the palatine tonsils
the pale (or wan) stars
the pale light of a half moon
the pallid face of the invalid
the palmar muscle
the pamphlet contained brief characterizations of famous Vermonters
the pans fell slam-bang and woke the whole house
the paper clip was invented in 1900
the paper commented editorially on the scandal
the paper flicked
the paper is ink-receptive
the paper reported rather tendentiously on the war atrocities
the paper was rejected on account of its length
the paper was well thought out
the paper was written in formal English
the papers we found shed some valuable light on this question, wholesomely contradicting all lies
the papers were hopelessly jumbled
the papillae of the tongue
the papillary muscles contract during systole to prevent regurgitation of blood into the atria
the parable of the prodigal son
the parachutist didn't want to jump
the parents found the girl suitable for their son
the parity of the mother must be considered
the park authorities operated a trout hatchery
the parody was just a form of teasing
the part he failed was the naming of state capitals
the participating organizations
the particles disintegrated during the nuclear fission process
the particular demands of the job
the particularity of human situations
the partitioning of India created two separate and autonomous jute economies
the partly porous walls of our digestive system
the partners were delighted with the recognition of their work
the parturient uterus
the party being dead we left early
the party has a working majority in the House
the party has moved right
the party is still 2 weeks off (or away)
the party of the first part
the party was in full swing
the party was quite an affair
the party was rather nice
the party went well
the party went with a bang
the party went with a swing
the pass to visit had a strict time limit
the pass was fumbled
the passage is none too clear
the passage of air from the lungs
the passengers were shaken up but are all right
the passing of flatus
the passing of winter
the past year
the pastor's calls on his parishioners
the path leads directly to the lake
the path meanders through the vineyards
the path of virtue
the path twisted through the forest
the patient appeared to be in distress
the patient appears cured
the patient developed severe pain and distension
the patient had to be fed intravenously
the patient is a referral from Dr. Bones
the patient is ambulatory
the patient is breathing irregularly
the patient is on life support
the patient presented with a case of recrudescent gastralgia
the patient recited a litany of complaints
the patient was desensitized to the allergen
the patient's arterioles showed marked hyalinization
the patients are predominantly indigenous
the patter of mice
the patter of tiny feet
the pavement was...glassy with water
the pawky rich old lady who incessantly scores off her parasitical descendants
the pay is bad
the pay was adequate and the job undemanding
the peace movement gained momentum
the peace of mellow age
the peacekeeping force includes one British contingent
the peacock's fanned tail
the peak of perfection
the peaked ceiling
the peculiar aromatic odor of cloves
the peculiar character of the Government of the U.S.
the peculiarly sardonic and sententious style in which Don Luis composed his epigrams
the pegged-down branches of the plant will take root
the pen is mightier than the sword
the penciled message
the pendulous branches of a weeping willow
the penetration of upper management by women
the penis is an erectile organ
the people are friendly hereabouts
the people concerned have a deficit in verbal memory
the people deified their King
the people idolatrously worshipped the Golden Calf
the people pushed and shoved to get in line
the people slowly progressed from barbarism to civilization
the peppy and interesting talk
the percolation of rainwater through the soil
the perdurable granite of the ancient Appalachian spine of the continent
the perfect setting for a ghost story
the perfidious Judas
the performance of the modified aircraft was much improved
the performance was at a gratifyingly high level
the performance was middling at best
the performer seemed completely composed as she stepped onto the stage
the performers could not be heard over the hissing of the audience
the perfumed air of June
the period of tension and consequent need for military preparedness
the periodic appearance of the seventeen-year locust
the permutations...taking place in the physical world
the perpetual struggle to maintain standards in a democracy
the persistent gills of fishes
the person most nearly concerned
the person of the king is inviolable
the person sitting next to me
the person who posted an inflammatory message got flamed
the pervasive odor of garlic
the pervasiveness of the odor of cabbage in tenement hallways
the petitionary procedure had a quality of indecisiveness
the pharmaceutical industry
the phenol resins and plastics were the original synthetic thermosetting materials
the phone rang at the other end
the phone was tied up for almost an hour
the phonological component of language
the phosphor fluoresced
the phosphorescent glow of decaying wood
the photoelectric effect
the photographer made excellent portraits
the photographic film was overexposed and there is no image
the photographic film was wrapped in foil
the photographs were grainy and indistinct
the phrase `a beginner who has just started' is tautological
the phrase had considerable aptness
the physical characteristics of the earth
the physical exertion required by his work kept him fit
the physical size of a computer
the physical topologies of local area networks include the bus, the ring and the star
the physician prescribed a commercial preparation of the medicine
the physician put a wick in the wound to drain it
the physicists redetermined Planck's constant
the pianist screwed up the difficult passage in the second movement
the pianist slurred the most beautiful passage in the sonata
the pianist's wide-ranging repertoire
the piano had a very stiff action
the piano passages in the composition
the piano was jarringly out of tune
the pickings were easy
the pickpocket dodged through the crowd
the picnic is on, rain or shine
the picnic was her suggestion
the picture is even with the window
the picture is level
the picture was skew
the pictures were at the same level
the piece ended discordantly
the piece has a fast rhythm
the pig nuzzled the truffle
the pig was rooting for truffles
the piggy fat-cheeked little boy and his porcine pot-bellied father
the pillar stood alone, supporting nothing
the pillared portico
the pilot exercised great care in landing
the pilot had to bank the aircraft
the pilot made contact with the base
the pilot managed to land the airplane safely
the pilot ran through the check-out procedure
the pilot reported two kills during the mission
the pinch of the recession
the pine woods were more redolent
the pirates hid their treasure on a small island in the West Indies
the piratically published edition of his book
the pitch was away (or wide)
the pitching and tossing was quite exciting
the place had an aura of romance
the placement of the chairs
the plague wiped out an entire population
the plain and unequivocal language of the laws
the plain and unvarnished truth
the plain manner of its style all the more tellingly points up the horror of the case
the plainness of vanilla ice cream
the plains lay just beyond the mountain range
the plaintiff claimed that under color of law the officer had deprived him of his civil rights
the plan has a serious flaw
the plan required great hardiness of heart
the plan was kept carefully under wraps
the plane circled, looking for a landing spot
the plane crashed in the vicinity of Asheville
the plane crashed into the ocean
the plane made a smooth landing
the plane made an unscheduled stop at Gander for refueling
the plane made three rotations before it crashed
the plane received a certificate of airworthiness
the plane touched down at noon
the plane turned away from the sea and moved back over land
the plane turned to make a second pass
the plane was given clearance to land
the plane was just a speck in the sky
the plane was late and he missed his connection in Atlanta
the plane was refused permission to enter Chinese airspace
the plane was skyjacked to Uzbekistan
the plane went into a stall and I couldn't control it
the plane went into a steep bank
the plane's nose yawed
the plane's operation in high winds
the planes collided in midair
the planes were on a bombing mission
the planetary tilt
the planets orbiting nearby are Venus and Mars
the plangent minority
the planned outlays for new equipment
the planning was more fun than the trip itself
the plans for City Hall were on file
the plant is tolerant of saltwater
the plant is working at 80 per cent capacity
the plant needs a firm anchorage
the plant quickly bushed out
the plant releases a gas
the plant sprouted early this year
the planting of corn is hard work
the plastic forces of nature
the plastic minds of children
the plastination of specimens is valuable for research and teaching
the platoon is combat-ready
the platoon ran into a pack of hostiles
the platoon stood ready for review
the play ended allegorically
the play failed big at the box office
the play had a long run on Broadway
the play had bookings throughout the summer
the play is an adaptation of a short novel
the play is original; not an adaptation
the play kept the audience in suspense
the play lasted two hours
the play of light on the water
the play of the imagination
the play opened to universal acclaim
the play ran for 100 performances
the play received good notices
the play was a dismal flop
the play was a dramatization of a short story
the play was dramatically interesting, but the direction was bad
the play was excellent end-to-end
the play was just a vehicle to display her talents
the play was staged with ponderously realistic sets
the play's opening scene
the player juggled the ball
the playground has been completed but is still undedicated
the playground is the hub of parental supervision
the pleasantness of a cool breeze on a hot summer day
the pleasure of his company
the pleasures of the table, never of much consequence to one naturally abstemious
the plentiful rain germinated my plants
the plenum will vote on all tax increases
the pliers had serrations to improve the grip
the plot contained too many improbable contrivances to be believable
the plot was too involved
the plow lay sidelong on the ground
the plumed serpent
the plundering of the Parthenon
the poet laureate is expected to provide poems for great national occasions
the poet's volumed works
the point of departure of international comparison cannot be an institution but must be the function it carries out
the point of the arrow was due north
the pointedness of his sarcasm was unmistakable
the poison of fascism
the polar events of this study
the poles of the Earth precess at a right angle to the force that is applied
the police are following a promising lead
the police are now back at square one after having arrested and released 27 men
the police are proverbially inquisitive
the police conducted a sting operation
the police decided that the crime was an inside job
the police investigated an incident at the bus station
the police laid the blame on the driver
the police made casts of the footprints in the soft earth outside the window
the police monitor the suspect's moves
the police nabbed the suspected criminals
the police officer questioned the woman rather insensitively about the attack
the police returned to the scene of the crime
the police took steps to reduce crime
the police used a plant to trick the thieves
the police were too busy to chase the pelters
the policeman answered politely, `Now look here, lady...'
the policeman on the beat got credit for the collar
the policy found little public support
the policy so far is all stick and no carrot
the policy's unpalatability caused an uproar
the political candidate worked the crowds
the political ferment produced new leadership
the political landscape looks bleak without a change of administration
the political movie backlashed on the Democrats
the political party has moved left
the political picture is favorable
the political situation in Kashmir and Jammu is explosively unstable
the politician tried to hide his white-shoe background
the polling had a complex and equivocal (or ambiguous) message for potential female candidates
the pond is two miles around
the pond was too small for sailing
the poor child was his mother's shadow
the poor face with the same awful waxen pallor
the poor sod couldn't even buy a drink
the poor tarred-and-feathered wretch
the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind
the pope must speak ex cathedra for an encyclical to be infallible
the popular vote
the popularity of his books among young people continued unabated
the population explosion
the population in Central America is growing explosively
the population increased tenfold
the population of the United States is vast and heterogeneous
the population of this town increased sixfold when gold was found in the surrounding hills
the population of this village increased sevenfold in the past 100 years
the population seemed to be well fed and clothed
the portals of heaven
the portals of success
the portals of the cathedral
the position of Commerce Secretary was created in 1913
the position of Defense Secretary was created in 1947
the position of Interior Secretary was created in 1849
the position of Secretary of Housing and Urban Development was created in 1966
the position of Secretary of State was established in 1789
the position of Treasury Secretary was created in 1789
the position of the hands on the clock
the possibility hangs over their heads like the sword of Damocles
the post of Attorney General was created in 1789
the post of Education Secretary was created in 1979
the post of Energy Secretary was created in 1977
the post of Labor Secretary was created in 1913
the post of Secretary of Agriculture was established in 1889
the post of Secretary of Health and Human Services was created by Congress in 1979
the post of Secretary of Veterans Affairs was created in 1989
the post of Transportation Secretary was created in 1966
the post was still firm after being hit by the car
the posted speed limit
the posting was made in the cash account
the postman's rounds
the postmark indicates the time of mailing
the postmortem discussion of the President's TV address
the postulational method was applied to geometry
the potatoes sprouted
the potter glazed the dishes
the potter's wheel was invented in Asia Minor around 6500 BC
the pounding of feet on the hallway
the poverty of a district is an obstacle to good education
the powder deflagrated
the power failure caused a refrigerator melt that was a disaster
the power of alienation is an essential ingredient of ownership
the power of his love saved her
the power of its engine determines its operation
the power of the Secretary of State in London increased gradually but imperceptibly
the power of the president
the power plant received a new upgrade
the powers of darkness
the practice may go back still farther to the Druids
the practice of sending convicted criminals to serve on the Plantations was common in the 17th century
the practice of the law
the preacher chose a text from Psalms to introduce his sermon
the preachers and the bootleggers found they had a community of interests
the precarious life of an undersea diver
the precariousness of his income
the precipitous hills of Chinese paintings
the precipitous rapids of the upper river
the predicted temperature and the actual temperature were markedly different
the prediction for snow was right on the button
the predominant mood among policy-makers is optimism
the predomination of blues gave the painting a quiet tone
the preemption of bandwidth by commercial interests
the preface contained an acknowledgment of those who had helped her
the prefect of Paris police
the preferment went to the younger candidate
the pregnancy was a stroke of bad luck
the premiere showing
the premises are sealed
the prenatal period
the preponderance of good over evil
the preponderance of wealth and power
the prepositional phrase here is used adverbially
the prepupal stage
the prescription specified only one refill
the presence of bacterial infection was an indication for the use of antibiotics
the presence of discriminatory or prejudicial attitudes in the white population
the presence or absence of sex chromatin in cells obtained by amniocentesis makes it possible to determine the sex of a fetus
the present international situation is dangerous
the present leader
the present system
the present topic
the presentation of new data
the president acted unconstitutionally
the president applied a chokehold to labor disputes that inconvenienced the public
the president didn't have time to be a model so the artist worked from photos
the president elect
the president is amenable to the constitutional court
the president lives in a goldfish bowl
the president no longer has the support of his own party
the president said he had a road map for normalizing relations with Vietnam
the president sat on the committee ex officio
the president submitted the annual budget to Congress
the president used the airwaves to take his message to the people
the president wanted to know who the leakers were
the president was concerned about the property across from the White House
the president was not humbled by his narrow margin of victory
the president's resignation was the result of a turf war with the board of directors
the president's speech was a home run
the presidential candidate made a remark off the cuff
the press of business matters
the press was inquisitorial to the point of antagonism
the pressure activates the tripper and releases the water
the presumptive heir (or heir apparent)
the prevailing wind is from the southwest
the previous occupant of the White House
the previous owner
the price increased twofold last year
the price is in the neighborhood of $100
the price of gasoline
the price of gasoline has increased fourfold over the past two years
the price of success is hard work
the price of the house included all utilities
the price was immaterial
the price was prohibitive
the price went up substantially
the prices of farms rose prodigiously
the priest could not reveal her confidences
the priest said Mass
the priest sank to his knees in prayer
the priest sat for confession
the primary care physician acts as a gatekeeper to the medical system
the primary colors for light are red, blue, and green
the primary colors for pigments are red, blue, and yellow
the primary focus of the Mossad is on Arab nations
the primary subtractive colors for light are magenta, cyan, and yellow
the prime minister
the prime minister pointed reassuringly to the silence of the British press
the primping alone took more than an hour
the princess and her coroneted companions
the principal disbanded the political student organization
the principal example
the principal rivers of America
the principle of jet propulsion
the principle of superposition is the basis of the wave theory of light
the principle of surprise is the most used and misused of all the principles of war
the principle of the conservation of mass
the principle that one is innocent until proved guilty
the principles by which societies cohere
the principles of democracy
the principles of internal-combustion engines
the prism disperses light
the prison sentence was suspended
the prisoner is on hold
the prisoner seems entirely unconcerned as to the outcome of the examination
the prisoner won't speak
the prisoner's ankles were so chained together that they could only march in lockstep
the prisoners came out one by one
the prisoners of war were treated inhumanely
the prisoners were appallingly thin
the prisoners were denied the right to exercise for more than 2 hours a day
the privileged few
the prize is by no means certain
the prize was a free trip to Europe
the probability that an unbiased coin will fall with the head up is 0.5
the probable consequences of going ahead with the scheme
the problem now is not a constitutional one; it is a functional one
the problem of absorbing immigrants harmoniously into British society is as important to the immigrants as to the British
the problem was a real snorter
the problem was attacked at the grass roots
the problem was to match receivables and payables in the same currency
the problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students
the problems at the end of the chapter demonstrated the mathematical processes involved in the derivation
the problems involved
the procedure of obtaining a driver's license
the procedure unblocked his arteries
the process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls
the process of denial
the process of repressing gene transcription
the process of thinking
the processing of newly arrived immigrants
the processing of ore to obtain minerals
the procurer of opera tickets
the product is commercially available
the product of 2 and 3 is 6
the production of white blood cells
the production was professional but uninspired
the productive work is done on the shop floor
the professional man or woman possesses distinctive qualifications
the professionalization of American sports
the professionalization of warfare
the professor demolished the student's argument
the professor didn't like his friends to use his formal title
the professor had a clastic model of the human brain
the professor returned to his teaching position after serving as Dean
the professor scaled the students
the professor was noted for his stupefaction of the students
the professor wrote the text that he assigned students to buy
the professor's abstrusely reasoned theories were wasted on his students
the professor's clarification helped her to understand the textbook
the professor's lectures were so abstruse that students tended to avoid them
the profit-maximizing price
the profound depths of the sea
the profoundness of his ignorance
the profoundness of the silence
the profundity of the mine was almost a mile
the profusion of detail
the program brought an avalanche of mail
the program included songs and recitations of well-loved poems
the program lasted more than two hours
the program required several hundred lines of code
the program was on the air from 9 til midnight
the program was withdrawn because of the squeamishness of some viewers
the progress was agonizingly slow
the progression implied an increasing weightiness of the items listed
the project advanced with gratifying speed
the project failed through unmethodical planning
the project took a long time to get off the ground
the project was subject to the usual vicissitudes of exploratory research
the project was well underway
the proliferation of nuclear weapons
the promulgation was written in English
the pronunciation of Chinese is difficult for foreigners
the propagandistic iconography of a despot
the propensity of disease to spread
the proper amount and distribution of electrolytes in the body is essential for health
the proposal faces tough sledding
the proposal found wide acceptance
the proposal got a warm welcome
the proposal is still on the table
the proposal required great boldness
the prosecutor had a moral certainty that the prisoner was guilty
the prosecutor's frenzied denunciation of the accused
the prostitute had a record a mile long
the protected and compartmented society of Beacon Hill
the protecting blanket of snow
the protoplasms flocculated
the protuberance of his belly
the proverbial absentminded professor
the proverbial grasshopper
the proverbial poor artist living in a garret
the proverbially dour New England Puritan
the provoked animal attacked the child
the proximal end of a bone
the prudent use and development of resources
the pub was packed tight
the public address system in the hospital was used for paging
the public brought pressure to bear on the government
the public good
the public sector
the public was awheel
the public welfare
the publicity of the court room
the publisher was responsible for all the artwork in the book
the publishing house sold off one of its popular magazines
the puissance of the labor vote
the pull of the current
the pull of the moon
the pull up the hill had him breathing harder
the pullback is expected to be over 25,000 troops
the pulsations seemed to be coming from a star
the pulse is a reflection of the heart's condition
the punch is spiked!
the pungency of mustard
the pungent taste of radishes
the punishment ought to be proportional to the crime
the punt traveled 50 yards
the pupal stage
the puppies yelped
the pure fragrance of churchly incense
the purpose of art is the arousal of emotions
the purpose of intervention is to prevent unnecessary duplication of lawsuits
the purpose was to promote homes, clubs, visiting, and other services
the purse barely covered the winner's expenses
the pursuit of electoral palatability
the pursuit of love
the push beside the bed operated a buzzer at the desk
the push of the water on the walls of the tank
the pushing is good exercise
the put the car in park and got out
the putative author of the book
the putrid atmosphere of the court
the puzzle is soluble
the pyramids were built with large stone blocks
the quaking child asked for more
the quality of mercy is not strained
the quality of students has risen
the quarrel ended in a punch-up
the quarterback fumbled the snap
the quarterback is undergoing treatment for a knee injury
the quaternary period of geologic time extends from the end of the tertiary period to the present
the queen of ocean liners
the queen's condescension was intended to make us feel comfortable
the quelled rebellion
the quelling of the rebellion
the quest for the callipygian ideal
the question of disease merits serious discussion
the question seems unimportant
the questioning was intensive
the quickening of seed that will become ripe grain
the quiescent level of centimeter wave-length solar radiation
the quiescent melancholy of the town
the quiet waters of a lagoon
the quincentennial celebration of the founding of the city
the quite inconsequent fellow was managed like a puppet
the quota for Japanese imports was negotiated
the rabbi's family was present for his ordination
the rabid animal's frothing mouth
the race for the presidency
the race is to the swift
the race was a 30-miler
the raciness of the wine
the radial aspect of the forearm
the radiance of her countenance
the radical character of our demands
the radii of the mesic orbits
the radio announcer's plummy voice
the radio was playing softly
the radioactivity was being swept upwards by the air current and out into the atmosphere
the radon level in the basement was impermissibly high
the raft floated downstream on the current
the raging sea
the rain date for the picnic will be the following Sunday
the range and variety of his work is amazing
the range of a supersonic jet
the rapacious wolf
the raped countryside
the rapper was loaded with bling
the rascally rabble
the ratable value of property
the rate of change was faster than expected
the rate of unemployment is an indicator of the health of an economy
the rate of utilization
the ratification of the treaty
the ratio of working men to unemployed
the rationale for capital punishment
the rations should be nutritionally balanced
the rats and roaches scurrying along the sapless planks
the rattlesnake's barky scales
the ravages of time
the raving of maniacs
the raw and theumy damp of night air
the raw cost of production
the rawness of his diary made it unpublishable
the rawness of the midnight air
the ray has a dorsoventrally flattened body
the ray of light revealed his cautious opening of the door
the rays of the sun struck the earth mellowingly
the re-formed scout troop has been very active
the reaction occurs in the liquid phase of the system
the reading public
the real bone of contention, as you know, is money
the real reason
the real value of the trust capital may be disastrously less than when the trust began
the reality of his situation slowly dawned on him
the realm of factuality must be distinguished from the realm of imagination
the realm of the occult
the realtor took her on a walk-through of the apartment
the reappearance of Halley's comet
the rear door of the plane
the rear part of the house
the reason a steady state was never reached was that the back pressure built up too slowly
the reason for their actions is unclear to this day
the reason that the agency is doomed to inaction has something to do with the FBI culture
the reason that war was declared
the rebelling confederacy
the rebels had salted the fields with mines and traps
the recall of our ambassador
the recent irruption of bad manners
the recent unpleasantness of the weather
the recent visitation of the bishop to his diocese
the recessive gene for blue eyes
the recipe listed all the makings for a chocolate cake
the recipe lists all the fixings for a salad
the reciprocal of safety is risk
the reciprocal ratio of a:b is b:a
the reclamation of delinquent children
the recognition of the Rio Grande as a boundary between Mexico and the United States
the reconciliation of his checkbook and the bank statement
the recording fails to capture the true color of the original music
the recording is well-nigh perfect
the recovery of the forest after the fire was surprisingly rapid
the rectilinear propagation of light
the recusant electors...cooperated in electing a new Senate
the red brilliance of the claret shines transparently in our glasses
the red light gave the central figure increased emphasis
the rededication of the Temple of Jerusalem
the redeeming feature of the plan is its simplicity
the reduced the number of units and installations
the reenactment of the battle of Princeton
the referee awarded a free kick to the team
the reflective type
the reflex motion of his eyebrows revealed his surprise
the reforms he proposed were too radical for the politicians
the refractive characteristics of the eye
the refractory period of a muscle fiber
the refugee camp is a ticking bomb waiting to go off
the refugees were displaced by the war
the region is a few molecules wide at the summit
the region's most heavily traveled highways
the regionally differentiated results
the regular army
the regular sequence of the seasons
the relatedness of all living things
the relations between town and gown are always sensitive
the relationship between mothers and their children
the relative poorness of New England farmland
the relative security of the gay ghetto
the relaxation of requirements
the relay was successful
the release of iodine from the thyroid gland
the relentless beat of the drums
the relentlessness or their pursuit
the relief pitcher got credit for a save
the religious or regular clergy conducts the service
the religious retreat is a form of vacation activity
the religious scene in England has changed in the last century
the reliving of a strong emotion can be therapeutic
the remark hurt his feelings
the remote past or future
the renewing warmth of the sunshine
the reorganization was prescribed by federal bankruptcy laws
the repaving results in many blocked streets
the repertory of the supposed feats of mesmerism
the replacement of lost blood by a transfusion of donor blood
the report in the paper is wrong
the report included his interpretation of the forensic evidence
the report of his speech
the report shows a surprising lack of hard factual data
the reported findings
the reporter had two sources for the story
the reporter's coverage resulted in prejudicial publicity for the defendant
the reprobate conduct of a gambling aristocrat
the reproductive or generative organs
the reproductive potential of a species is its relative capacity to reproduce itself under optimal conditions
the repudiation of the debt by the city
the request left some wiggle room for future restructuring
the requested aid is forthcoming
the required influence lines are found by subjecting the model to small displacements horizontally, vertically and rotationally
the requirement was only formal and often ignored
the requirements of his work affected his health
the rescue squad arrived promptly
the research structure has developed piecemeal
the reserve clause was used to bind players to a particular ball club
the reservoir is low
the resident was receiving special clinical training at the hospital
the residuary beneficiary
the residuary part of the estate
the resolute but unbroken Germany, grievously wounded but far from destruction, was able to lay the firm foundations for military revival
the resolution died on a technicality
the resolution of one dissonance is often the preparation for another dissonance
the respective club members
the responsibilities of a man in his station
the responsibility lies squarely with them
the rest are for all practical purposes useless
the restaurant often themes its menus
the restless billowing sea
the restless sea
the restless wind
the restlessness of the wind
the restoration looked exactly like the original
the restriction of the infection to a focal area
the restrictive clause in `Each made a list of the books that had influenced him' limits the books on the list to only those particular ones defined by the clause
the result of an injudicious decision
the result of this pacific policy was that no troops were called up
the result was a provocation of vigorous investigation
the result was, de facto, a one-party system
the resultant savings were considerable
the results are surely encouraging
the results of confession were not contingent, they were certain
the results of the election will be announced tonight
the results of two tests were in correspondence
the retention rate
the reticulate veins of a leaf
the reticulation of a leaf
the reticulation of a photographic emulsion
the retraction of the landing gear
the return of spring
the returned from the negotiations empty-handed
the reverberant booms of cannon
the reversal of the image in the lens
the reversed collar looked as good as new
the reviewers gave his book a sound slating
the reviews were all positive
the reviews were bad
the revival of trade
the revocation of a law
the revolution of the earth about the sun takes one year
the revolution resulted in a redistribution of wealth
the revolutionaries honeycombed the organization
the reward for good works
the rewrite was much better
the rhetorical sin of the meaningless variation
the rhino horned the explorer
the rhythm of Frost's poetry
the rhythm of physiological time is not modifiable except by interference with certain fundamental processes
the rhythmic chiming of church bells
the ribosome is the site of protein synthesis
the rich experiential content of the teachings of the older philosophers
the richly endowed but underpopulated Ivory Coast
the richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty
the richness of the mines and pastureland
the rider spurred his horse
the rifle had been fitted with a special stock
the right answer
the right bank of a river is the bank on your right side when you are facing downstream
the right decision
the right front tire had a blowout
the right man for the job
the right side is the far side of the horse
the right side of the cloth showed the pattern
the right tackle is a straight A student
the right time to act
the right to equal treatment in the criminal justice system
the right way to open oysters
the right-hand rule for inductive fields
the rightfulness of his claim
the rigors of boot camp
the ring is of no lapidary value
the ringing of the telephone
the rings require a strong upper body
the riots got out of hand
the riots were in hand
the ripe age of 90
the rippled surface of the pond
the rise and fall of the tides
the rise of the realm of cotton in the south
the risen sun
the rising generation
the rising of the Holy Ghost
the risks and gains of an adventuresome economy
the rite of baptism
the ritualistic killing of a sheep
the rituals known as male bonding do not necessarily involve drinking beer together
the river became a raging torrent
the river flows northeastward to the gulf
the river flows southeastward to the gulf
the river followed its wandering course
the river is high
the river ran meanderingly through the valley
the river rolls turbulently boiling
the river runs cross-country
the river takes a southern course
the river was navigable for 50 miles
the river was sliding darkly under the mist
the river winds through the hills
the river's roiling current
the riverside drive offers many exciting scenic views
the roaches infested our kitchen
the road ahead is foggy
the road curved sharply
the road goes around the pond
the road had a steep grade
the road is in worse shape than it was
the road is open to traffic
the road is passable
the road leaves off at the edge of the forest
the road map was a freebie
the road runs cross-country
the road runs straight
the road to fame
the road twists sharply after the light
the road was closed to vehicular traffic with bollards
the road was not very even
the road will bring other incidental advantages
the roadster had a raisable sunroof
the robbers left the looted train
the robust flavor of fresh-brewed coffee
the rock caught her in the back of the head
the rock concert was a real barnburner
the rock served as a makeshift hammer
the rock star totals his guitar at every concert
the rock star was quietly led out the back door
the rock-ribbed coast of Maine
the rocket launch went off like clockwork
the rocket's ablated head shield
the rockets were blasted off
the rocks stooped down over the hiking path
the rocky road to success
the role of computers in modern-day medicine
the role of the dissenter is not for the weak-kneed
the roof had a steep pitch
the roof is in danger of collapse
the roof leaks badly
the roof of the cave was very high
the rookie made a brief appearance in the first period
the room had only a bed and chair
the room is pleasant and understated
the room is straight now
the room was a mess because he hadn't expected company
the room was abuzz over the latest scandal
the room was bright and airy
the room was chaotically disorganized
the room was dark and quiet
the room was decorated in shades of grey with distinctive red accents
the room was decorated very imaginatively
the room was elegantly decorated
the room was pleasingly large
the room was quaintly furnished
the room was simply decorated with great restraint
the room was suffocating--hot and airless
the room's skirting board needs painting
the roommates lived in peace together
the rooms were very small but they had a nice view
the rope lay coiled on the deck
the rope relaxed
the rope slackened
the rope strained when the weight was attached
the rope tautened
the rope was tautly stretched
the roseate glow of dawn
the rotation of the dancer kept time with the music
the rotted wood had to be cut away
the rotund and reverberating phrase
the roughness of her voice was a signal to keep quiet
the routine but indispensable ceremonies of state
the royal (or crowned) heads of Europe
the royal box was empty
the royal carriage of a stag's head
the royal couple's much heralded world tour
the royal crest
the royal party
the royal road to success
the rug had a wide blue border
the rugged conditions of frontier life
the ruggedness of his exams caused half the class to fail
the ruggedness of the mountains
the rule of Caesar
the rule of St. Dominic
the ruled mass
the ruler had 16 graduations per inch
the rumbling rolling sound of thunder
the rumor had its origin in idle gossip
the rumor spread
the rumors weren't even faintly true
the runner slid headlong into third base
the runner was called safe when the baseman dropped the ball
the runner was out on a play by the shortstop
the runner was put out at third base
the runner was tackled at the line of scrimmage
the runners awaited the start
the runners emerged from the trees into his clear vision
the sack of Rome
the sacred mosque
the sacred name of Jesus
the sad-faced clown
the saddle seat fitted his buttocks nicely
the safety of the ship is the captain's concern
the sail is fastened to the yard with tiers
the sailor looked seaward
the sailor watched the sky warily
the sailors were cursing blasphemously
the sails luffed
the saint's bones were enshrined in the cathedral
the sales contract contains several representations by the vendor
the salesgirl was very short with him
the salesman faxed the sales agreement to his home office
the salesman pounded the door knocker
the salesman's batting average was 7 out of 12
the salesman's call on a customer
the salt flats of Utah
the saltiness of their language was inappropriate
the salts calcified the rock
the salubrious mountain air and water
the salutary influence of pure air
the salvation of his party was the president's major concern
the same amount
the same day next year
the same homely dress she wore in the days of her peasanthood
the same man I saw yesterday
the same number
the same rules as before
the same source code can be compiled to produce different binaries for different operating systems
the sanious discharge from an ulcer
the satellite is covered with a smooth shell of ice
the satire touches with finespun ridicule every kind of human pretense
the satisfaction of their demand for better services
the saturation of cotton with ether
the sauropod dinosaurs were apparently herbivores
the saving grace for both developments is that they are creating jobs
the saw buckled when it hit a knot
the saxophone player was tootling a sad melody
the scalable slope of a mountain
the scale of the map
the scale of the model
the scandal threatened an abrupt end to a promising political career
the scandals were gaily diverting
the scapose portion of a feather
the scarred piano bench
the scatty glancing quality of a hyperactive but unfocused intelligence
the scenario is France during the Reign of Terror
the scene had the swirling vagueness of a painting by Turner
the scent is warm
the scheduled flights had to be cancelled because of snow
the scheduled meeting
the scheme of some sinister intelligence bent on punishing him
the schizophrenic loses ability to abstract or do conceptual thinking
the scholarships will be awarded noncompetitively
the school keeps parents informed
the school kept the cups is a special glass case
the school maintains unsupervised study halls during free periods
the school of hard knocks
the school of naturalistic writers
the school was built in 1932
the school was founded in 1900
the school was ill-equipped
the school was very selective in its admissions
the school's audiovisual department
the schools comply with federal standards
the science of genetics
the scientist corresponds with colleagues in order to learn about matters relevant to her own research
the scientists held off announcing their results until they repeated the experiment
the scintillating stars
the score is tied
the score was 7 to 0
the scouts marked the trail
the scrape of violin bows distracted her
the scrawniness of sickly trees
the sculpturesque beauty of the athletes' bodies
the scummy surface of the polluted pond
the sea hurled itself in thundering rage against the rocks
the sea now shimmered placidly before our eyes
the sea was churning in the storm
the seamy side of life
the seance was held in the medium's parlor
the seaport was a contributing factor in the growth of the city
the seared meat is then covered with hot liquid for braising
the season's opener was a game against the Yankees
the seat of his pants was worn through
the seated Madonna
the second baseman made a bobble but still had time to throw the runner out
the second baseman sharpened his spikes before every game
the second movement is slow and melodic
the second violins
the secret compartment in the desk
the secret learning of the ancients
the secret of Cajun cooking
the secretaries wept crocodile tears over the manager's dilemma
the secretary gave us a backgrounder on public health issues
the secretary keeps the minutes of the meeting
the secular clergy
the seeds were microscopically small
the seismograph showed a sharp spike in response to the temblor
the self-styled `doctor' has no degree of any kind
the semen begins to appear in males and to be emitted at the same time of life that the catamenia begin to flow in females
the semi-prostrate evergreen, purple heather
the senator didn't realize that he was speaking on camera
the senator proposed to abolish the sales tax
the senator received severe criticism from his opponent
the senator rose to register his protest
the senator said that the project was a waste of money
the senator's campaign handlers
the senator's florid speech
the senator's tax program was mere jugglery
the senators used their muscle to get the party leader to resign
the senior prom
the sensible universe
the sensitive and wistful response of a poet to the gentler phases of beauty
the sensitiveness of James's characters, their seeming inwardness
the sensitiveness of Mimosa leaves does not depend on a change of growth
the sensitivity of his skin to pressure and temperature was normal
the sensory cortex
the sensuous joy from all things fair
the sentence `he washed' has a reflexive verb
the sentence was devoid of meaning
the sentence was one of transportation for life
the sentential subject
the sentry stayed in his box to avoid the cold
the separated spacecraft will return to their home bases
the separation of church and state
the separation of mail by postal zones
the separation of wheat from chaff
the septic action occurs at the bottom of the septic tank
the sepulchral darkness of the catacombs
the sequence of names was alphabetical
the serrations of a city skyline
the servants showed great tact and discretion
the server update ran overnight
the servile wars of Sicily
the set of all rational numbers is a field
the set of his mind was obvious
the set of prime numbers is infinite
the set of red hats is the intersection of the set of hats and the set of red things
the set was meticulously authentic
the sets were meticulously authentic
the setting sun showed the outlined figure of a man standing on the hill
the seven deadly sins
the several recordings were combined on a master tape
the sexagenarian population is growing
the sexagesimal divisions of hours and degrees
the shabby room struck her as extraordinarily pathetic
the shaded areas of the face seemed to recede
the shades were down
the shadiness of their transactions
the shady side of the street
the shakiness of the present regime
the shaking of his fingers as he lit his pipe
the shaman sics sorcerers on the evil spirits
the shape of the DNA molecule is a double helix
the sharecropper's hardscrabble life
the sharing of electrons creates molecules
the shark is a large fish
the sharp crack of a twig
the sharpness of her loss
the sharpness of strange spices
the shattering peal of artillery
the shattering tones of the enormous carillon
the shear changed the quadrilateral into a parallelogram
the sheer force of his presence was mesmerizing
the sheet came untucked
the shell of a sessile barnacle is attached directly to a substrate
the shelling went on for hours without pausing
the shelves were put up slapdash
the shiftiness of the wind caused the boat to veer unpredictably
the shifting alliances within a large family
the shimmer of colors on iridescent feathers
the shimmery surface of the lake
the shingles were weathered by the sun and wind
the shining of shoes provided a meager living
the ship appeared as a distinct silhouette
the ship arrived at the dock more than a day late
the ship beached near the port
the ship called in Athens
the ship came up into the wind with all yards aback
the ship developed a list to starboard
the ship disappeared behind the horizon and passed out of sight
the ship docked
the ship got under way
the ship is now listing to port
the ship is still floating
the ship made its run in record time
the ship made little headway against the gale
the ship sails on
the ship travelled unswervingly through the night
the ship turned southerly
the ship was broadside to the dock
the ship was clear of the reef
the ship was rocking
the ship went aground in the channel
the ship went hard astern
the ship yawed when the huge waves hit it
the ship's actual position is 22 miles due south of Key West
the ship's bunkers were full of coal
the ship's current position
the ship's rapid rate of closing gave them little time to avoid a collision
the shipwrecked boat drifted away from the shore
the shirt is sewn by machine
the shock was unprepared
the shoes are priced reasonably
the shoes fit me tip-top
the shoreward tendency of the current
the shortened rope was easier to use
the shortest distance between two points is a straight line
the shortness of air travel time
the shortness of the Channel crossing
the shortstop got the runner at second on a force
the shot buzzed past his ear
the shrewdest political and ecumenical comment of our time
the shrieking of the mindless wind
the shrieks of unwary animals taken by surprise
the shrillness of her hair color
the shutters clattered against the house
the siamese twins were not considered separable
the sick cat had to be put down
the sick child cried pathetically
the sick student was sniffling in the back row
the side of Germany conterminous with France
the side porch
the side-to-side motion of the boat
the sidereal system
the sight of flowers every morning was my morale builder
the sight of his wife brought him back to reality
the sight of that bland, impregnably righteous face has been enough to make their blood run cold
the sign was visibly displayed
the signal contained thousands of bits of information
the signal was two beats on the steam pipe
the significance of a red traffic light
the significance of his remark became clear only later
the signification of Chinese characters
the signifier is linked to the signified
the silenced crowd waited expectantly
the silent `h' at the beginning of `honor'
the simple passage of time was enough
the simple security of traditional assumptions has vanished
the simple sincerity of folk songs
the simple truth
the simplest concealment is to match perfectly the color of the background
the simplicity and elegance of his invention
the simplicity of a crystal
the simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability
the singer held the note too long
the singers have to warm up
the singleness of his motives could not be questioned
the sites are determined by highly specific sequences of nucleotides
the situation became ugly
the situation brought home to us the blunt truth of the military threat
the situation called for strong measures
the situation is hopeless
the situation is relatively calm now
the situation slid inescapably toward disaster
the situation soon took on a different color
the skater executed a triple pirouette
the skater's dazzling virtuosic leaps
the skeletal system
the sketch was so largely drawn that you could see it from the back row
the skill of a well-trained boxer
the skillful orchestration of his political campaign
the skin of an airplane
the skin of cephalopods is thin and lubricious
the skin of his face looked drawn and tight
the skin of old persons is less reactive than that of younger persons
the skin will cicatrize and it will heal soon
the skirt had a wide flare
the skunk's intense acrid odor
the sky clouded over
the sky flushed with rosy splendor
the sky was a burnished aestival blue
the sky was intensely blue
the sky was leaden and thick
the skyline is easily discernible even at a distance of several miles
the slackening of the wind
the slashed prices attracted buyers
the slaty sky of dawn
the slaveholding South
the sleek swept wings of the plane
the sleekness of his appearance reminded me of his financial successes
the slenderness of the chances that anything would be done
the slenderness of the evidence
the sloppiness of a rainy November day
the sloughy edge of the pond
the slow development of her skill as a writer
the slow lane of traffic
the slow roasting took several hours
the sludge of treated sewage can be used as fertilizer
the sluggishness of the compass in the Arctic cold
the sluggishness of the economy
the sluicing rain
the small bird was tweeting in the tree
the small disordered room
the small room was cozy and intimate
the small-town bar was all tarted up
the smaller component is hard to reach
the smallness of her voice
the smart money said Truman would lose the election
the smart set goes there
the smartness of the pace soon exhausted him
the smell of newly mown hay
the smoggy atmosphere of Los Angeles
the smoke rose sluggishly
the smothering soft voices
the smoulder suddenly became a blaze
the snake moved gradually toward its victim
the snoopy neighbor watched us all day
the snow was firm underfoot
the snow-covered Alps pictured in her imagination
the snowfall this month is below average
the snub was clearly intentional
the so-called emerging affluents
the so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end
the soaring spires of the cathedral
the social agencies and their utilizers both objected to the budget cut
the social dislocations resulting from government policies
the social organism
the social organization of England and America is very different
the socialists are further handicapped if they believe that capitalists are not only wicked but also devilishly clever
the socialization of children to the norms of their culture
the socialization of medical services
the society dropped him for non-payment of dues
the society page
the soft sciences
the soft underbelly of the Axis
the softness of the morning sky
the soil desperately needed potash
the soldier turned his waxlike features toward him
the soldier was AWOL for almost a week
the soldier was completely amuck
the soldiers GIed the barracks
the soldiers fell out
the soldiers stood at attention
the soldiers were furtively crawling through the night
the soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson
the sole example
the sole heir
the sole object of her trip was to see her children
the solid state of water is called ice
the solidity of the evidence worked in his favor
the solidness of her faith gave her enduring hope
the soloist sang unaccompanied
the solution acetified
the solution alkalized
the solution is obtained by iteration
the solution took hundreds of iterations
the solution took three hours
the solvent does not change its state in forming a solution
the sommelier decanted the wines
the son's well-meaning efforts threw a singular chill upon the father's admirers
the song of bullets was in the air
the song of the wind
the song uses colloquial language
the soonest I can arrive is 3 P.M.
the sophomore class
the sorbed oil mass
the sordid details of his orgies stank under his very nostrils
the soul in its heavenward flight
the soul is the quickener of the body
the soul of honor
the sound awakened them
the sound had a somnolent effect
the sound of distant traffic
the sound of rain on the roof
the sound of the resonating cavity cannot be the only determinant of the harmonic response
the sound system had both tweeters and woofers
the sounding cataract haunted me like a passion
the sounds of good-natured play
the soup had a fishy smell
the soup kitchen was run primarily by unpaid helpers
the soup was pungently flavored
the soup was spicily flavored
the soup will be ready in a minute
the south entrance
the south wall had a small window
the southeastern corner of the Mediterranean
the southern hemisphere
the space between his teeth
the space launch was no-go
the space shuttle landed uneventfully
the spacecraft detected an envelope of gas around the comet
the spaces are the notes F-A-C-E
the spacious cooking area provided plenty of room for servants
the spare figure of a marathon runner
the spasm contracted the muscle
the spatial distribution of the population
the spawning instinct in salmon
the speaker at commencement
the speaker made several references to his wife
the speaker mounted the platform
the speaker was interrupted by loud cries from the rear of the audience
the speaker's finishing was greeted with applause
the speaker's sodden collar
the speakers treated the subject most diversely
the speaking animal
the special features of a computer
the specific target of the immune response in rheumatoid arthritis is filaggrin
the specificity of the symptoms of the disease
the speciousness of his argument
the spectacular flame-out of the company's stock cost many people their life savings
the spectators applauded the performance
the speech spectrum was displayed spectrographically
the speech was weighty and it was weightily delivered
the speed controller on his turntable was not working properly
the speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written
the spelling was first affected, but latterly the meaning also
the sperm count is used as an indicator of male fertility
the spike pierced the receipts and held them in order
the spinning wheel was as symbolic of colonical Massachusetts as the codfish
the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak
the spirit of God knew very well that there was a deeper question to be settled before there could be the intervention in power that was so ardently desired
the splendid coronation ceremony
the spoken language
the spontaneity of his laughter
the spontaneous naturalness of his manner
the spotted owl is a threatened species, not yet an endangered one
the spread between lending and borrowing costs
the spread-out cards
the spring was broken
the spruce bark beetle is the major tree-killing insect pest of Alaska spruce forests
the squalid atmosphere of intrigue and betrayal
the squashed looking nakedness of the fledgling birds
the squawk of car horns
the squeak of shoes on powdery snow
the stable became in turn a chapel and then a movie theater
the staff was inadequate
the stage crackled with electricity whenever she was on it
the stage sets were designed rather unimaginatively
the stalwart citizens at Lexington
the stamp came loose
the standard fixtures
the standard three-piece business suit; jacket and trousers and vest
the star got passes for his family
the star had a stand-in for dangerous scenes
the star-spangled banner
the starch gelatinized when it was heated
the starfish illustrates radial symmetry
the starkness of his contrast between justice and fairness was open to many objections
the starlit darkness
the starred items
the starring role
the stars shone brilliantly
the starting point
the starting signal was a green light
the startup of the new factory was delayed by strikes
the state cannot be a servant of the church
the state has elected a new president
the state has lowered its income tax
the state legislature called for the embattled governor's resignation
the state of the art in space travel
the statement `he is brave and he is not brave' is a contradiction
the statement `he is brave or he is not brave' is a tautology
the statement given under oath was untruthful
the statewide recycling program
the statue stood on a marble support
the statute is solely prospective in operation
the steady state theory has been abandoned in favor of the big bang theory
the steamer went astern at half speed
the steamy tropics
the steep attic stairs
the steeplejack, exhausted and unnerved, couldn't hold on to his dangerous perch much longer
the step makes a satisfactory seat
the stereo was playing Beethoven when I entered
the stern demands of parenthood
the sternness of his surroundings made him uncomfortable
the stew remained at a simmer for hours
the stifling atmosphere
the stifling of all dissent
the still of the night
the stimuli were presented monaurally
the stimulus acted sympathetically
the stimulus produced a desynchronizing of the brain waves
the stimulus was presented binaurally
the sting of death
the stock market corrected
the stock market crashed on Black Friday
the stock market fell to a new low
the stock market is down today
the stock market plunged
the stock took a nosedive
the stock was a real buy at that price
the stockpiling of war materials
the stomach is a distensible organ
the stomach mucosa was irregularly blackened
the stone will be hauled to a secondary crusher
the stopping point of each round was signaled by a bell
the store carried a large selection of shoes
the store is famous for the reasonableness of its prices
the store owner treated his customers churlishly
the store shelves held many different kinds of tea
the store's dollar volume continues to rise
the stores are open
the stories were of a dullness to bring a buffalo to its knees
the storm brought several inches of precipitation
the storm caused complete immobilization of the rescue team
the storm grounded the ship
the storm left a wake of badly damaged buildings
the storm left the drivewaylittered with sticks nd debris
the storm was responsible for many blocked roads and bridges
the storm wasn't long but it was a snorter
the storm's violence
the storms that had characterized their relationship had died away
the story begins with no introductory retrospections
the story formed by a mansard roof is usually called the garret
the story is going the rounds in Washington
the story is true
the story of exposure to lead
the story of the Trojan War is told in Homer's Iliad
the story or argument runs as follows
the story was on the 11 o'clock news
the story was passed down from father to son
the story went around in the office
the storyline is wildly unrealistic
the strange metallic note of the meadow lark, suggesting the clash of vibrant blades
the strange telegraphic speech of some aphasics
the strangeness of a foreigner
the stream was fordable
the street rose steeply up to the castle
the street was quiet
the streetcar trundled down the avenue
the streets are restfully sunny and still for the town is at mass
the streets are still slippy from the rain
the strength of his argument settled the matter
the strength of the company's stock in recent weeks
the strength of the drinks
the stress was more on accuracy than on speed
the stressful days before a war
the strike came as a stunning protest against management
the strike lasted more than a month before it was settled
the strike virtually paralyzed the city
the strike was scheduled to begin at dawn
the strike was supported by the union rank and file
the strings played superlatively well
the stroke clouded memories of her youth
the strong man could turn an iron bar
the strongest support for this view is the work of Jones
the structural details of a house such as beams and joists and rafters; not ornamental elements
the structure consisted of a series of arches
the structure of the benzene molecule
the structure of the iris is very distinctive
the struggle to get through the crowd exhausted her
the strum of a guitar
the student body
the student irreverently mimicked the teacher in his presence
the student looked around the examination room with apprehension
the student was grilled for two hours on the subject of phonology
the student was kept in for impudent behavior
the student who had betrayed his classmate was dissed by everyone
the student worked a few jokes into his presentation
the student's effort on the essay--though not outstanding--was creditable
the student's essay failed to list several important citations
the students are on the honor system
the students associated science with masculinity and arts with effeminacy
the students at this college are homogeneously middle-class
the students contrast considerably in their artistic abilities
the students deserted the campus after the end of exam period
the students had to research the history of the Second World War for their history project
the students progressed impressively fast
the students put away their notebooks
the students turned out en masse
the students were bored shitless
the studio had a northern exposure
the study of gestural communication
the study was criticized for incompleteness of data but it stimulated further research
the stuff of heros
the stunner was what happened on Saturday
the stunt pilot looped his plane
the stupefying effects of hemp
the stupefying impact of the tragedy
the stylish resort of Gstadd
the subhuman primates
the subject made for labored reading
the subject matter is sexual activity of any overt kind, which is depicted as inherently desirable and exciting
the subjects for this investigation were selected randomly
the subjects' set led them to solve problems the familiar way and to overlook the simpler solution
the sublime absurdity of the creative process
the sublime beauty of the night
the submucosa was focally infiltrated
the subscribed will
the substance infiltrated the material
the substance scintillated sparks and flashes
the substance was desorbed
the substantial world
the subtitles are helpfully conveyed
the subtleties of this distinctly British occasion
the subtraction of three from four leaves one
the successful copywriter is a master of apposite and evocative verbal images
the succession of flashing lights gave an illusion of movement
the sudden bad news damped the joyous atmosphere
the sudden closeness of the dock sent him into action
the sudden fluttering of the startled pigeons
the sudden hammer of fists caught him off guard
the sudden knock floored him
the suggester of this absurd strategy was a fool
the suit was wrinkled and unbrushed, as if it had been slept in
the sulfurous atmosphere preceding a thunderstorm
the sulfurous bite of garlic
the sultriness of her look was unmistakable
the sultriness of lust was in the air
the sum of all our troubles did not equal the misery they suffered
the summation of four and three gives seven
the summer was sultry and oppressive
the summit of his ambition
the summits of the mountains were mistily purple
the sums of the distances from the foci to any point on an ellipse is constant
the sun and the wind on his back made him feel exhilarated--happy to be alive
the sun contains 99.85% of the mass in the solar system
the sun darkened ominously
the sun has no distinct surface
the sun heats the oceans
the sun is low
the sun is up
the sun isn't up yet
the sun just now came out
the sun never sets on the British Empire
the sun segregates the carbon
the sun set behind the brow of distant hills
the sun sets early these days
the sun shone aslant into his face
the sun shone through a rift in the clouds
the sun was bright and hot
the sun was unable to melt enough snow
the sun went under
the sunlit slopes of the canyon
the superficial area of the wall
the superficial report didn't give the true picture
the supernal happiness of a quiet death
the supernatant fat was skimmed off
the support from our sponsoring agency will discontinue after March 31
the supposed existence of ghosts
the supposed reason for his absence
the suppression of heresy
the supreme confidence of youth
the supreme judgment
the supreme sacrifice
the surface had a greasy feeling
the surface of the ocean was rippled and corrugated
the surface of the pond is dark and shadowed
the surface was ready for a coating of paint
the surfaces were coarsely granular
the surfaces were finely granular
the surgeon consulted his colleagues
the surgeon scanned the X-ray
the surgery was performed on his readmission to the clinic
the surgery was performed on his second admission to the clinic
the surprise party was a complete failure
the surrounding countryside
the survey was carried out aerially
the survivors of the fire were taken to a hospital
the survivors used jury-rigged fishing gear
the suspect is in custody
the suspect was chargeable
the suspected spy was summarily executed
the swagman filled his tuckerbag
the swallows glided in an effortless way through the busy air
the swash of waves on the beach
the swastika...a very ancient prophylactic symbol occurring among all peoples
the sweater unraveled
the sweep of the plains
the sweet face of a child
the sweet science of pugilism
the sweet song of the lark
the swiftest of foot
the swiftness of divine retribution
the swimmer's kicking left a wake behind him
the switch is in the on position
the switch was conveniently located
the syllabic `nl' in `riddle'
the sympathetic characters in the play
the symphonic hum of a million insects
the symphony is no fly-by-night venture
the symphony was hailed as an ingenious work
the synchronization of their watches was an important preliminary
the synchronized flapping of a bird's wings
the synchronous action of a bird's wings in flight
the synchrony and diachrony of language
the syntactic rules of a language
the synthesis and fabrication of single crystals
the system broke down under excessive loads
the system consists of a motor and a small computer
the system is economically inefficient and politically anarchic
the table was bare, the candles unlighted
the table was covered with a film of dust
the table was set appealingly
the tabloids relied on sensationalism to maintain their circulation
the tabulation of the results
the tactical bomb is reasonably clean
the tactically useful province is still firmly in the rebels' hands
the tactual luxury of stroking silky human hair
the tail of the storm
the tailored clothes were harmonious with her military bearing
the takeout counter
the tales seem more approachable than his more difficult novels
the talks between labor and management were unproductive
the tall building swayed
the tangled ropes
the tanker bilged
the tapestry of European history
the taproot of his resentment
the target of a manhunt
the target was out of rifle range
the task was uncongenial to one sensitive to rebuffs
the tattered flag
the tawniness of his complexion
the tea is brewing
the teacher asked how many people made up his home
the teacher assigned new readings
the teacher gave him a talking to
the teacher keeps harshing on the same kid
the teacher led her charges across the street
the teacher raised a hand to him, slightly and secretively, because he was her favorite
the teacher translated Latin texts into English which he gave to his students for retroversion
the teacher tried to increase his students' engagement in class activities
the teacher waved the children away from the dead animal
the teacher's action was corrective rather than instructional
the teacher's presence at the conference made the child very uncomfortable
the teachings of religion
the team chalked up another victory, the last one quite undeservedly, in my opinion
the team dropped three decisions in a row
the team enjoyed a brief run of victories
the team enjoyed the support of their fans
the team had a very disappointing winless season
the team is a unit
the team is drawn from all parts of the community
the team played hard
the team played poorly
the team was crushingly defeated
the team was full of fight
the team was off form last night
the team was ready for a drive toward the pennant
the team was unable to capitalize on the power play
the team went into a slump
the team's continued success is attributable to a steady infusion of new talent
the team's kicking was excellent
the team's nonpareil center fielder
the team's running plays worked better than its pass plays
the teams were in fierce contention for first place
the tear duct was obstructed
the technical and vulgar names for an animal species
the technical dazzle of her dancing
the technical literature
the teeming boulevard
the teen years
the telecom hotels are prime targets for bombing
the telemetered information was recorded and analyzed
the telephone installation took only a few minutes
the telephone is an annoying interruption
the temperate zones
the temperature decreases correspondingly
the temperature is thermostatically controlled
the temple was garishly decorated with bright plastic flowers
the temporary camps were inadequately equipped
the temptation to despair may become overwhelming
the temptations are many
the tenant paying the rent hereby reserved and performing the several covenants herein on his part contained shall peaceably hold and enjoy the demised premises
the tenants live downstairs
the tender spot on his jaw
the tenderloin district was notorious for vice
the tendrils of the plant exhibited perversion
the tennis fathers ruled in her favor
the tenuity of a hair
the tenuity of the upper atmosphere
the term Muhammadanism is offensive to Muslims who believe that Allah, not Muhammad, founded their religion
the term `distress' connotes some degree of perturbation and emotional upset
the terminal syllable
the terminally ill patient committed suicide
the terminals of the anterior arches of the fornix
the termination of the agreement
the terms he used were imprecise and emotional
the terms of the treaty were generous
the terms specified hereunder
the terrible Bairava
the terrified horse bolted
the territorial government of the Virgin Islands
the test tube held a column of white powder
the test was standardized on a large sample of students
the tete-a-tete was decorous in the extreme
the text was emended in the second edition
the texture of Neapolitan life
the thalamocortical system
the thaw between the United States and Russia has led to increased cooperation in world affairs
the thawed ground was muddy
the thawed ice was treacherous
the thawing of a frozen turkey takes several hours
the theater had a rotatable stage
the theater is dark on Mondays
the theater was her first love
the theater was jampacked
the theatrical notion of disguise is always associated with catastrophe in his stories
the theatrical notion of disguise is associated with disaster in his stories
the theme is announced in the first measures
the themes of his stories are one and the same
the then president
the theorem falls out nicely
the therapy was ineffectual
the thermodynamic limit
the thermometer is inaccurate
the thermometer needed calibration
the thick speech of a drunkard
the thickening dusk
the thief was forced to wear a heavy wooden collar
the thief's identification was followed quickly by his arrest
the thieves made a clean getaway
the thieving is awful at Kennedy International
the thing I like about her is ...
the thing is to stay in bounds
the thinness of a rope
the thinning of paint with turpentine
the third baseman made some remarkable stops
the third generation of computers
the third volume was missing
the thorny question of states' rights
the thought never entered my mind
the thoughtless saying of a great princess on being informed that the people had no bread; `Let them eat cake'
the thread wouldn't go through the eye
the three one-eyed Cyclopes of Greek myth
the three weird sisters
the thrills of space travel
the throat of a chimney
the throat of the vase
the throbbing engine of the boat
the throbbing of the engines
the throes of childbirth
the throes of dying
the throne is never vacant
the thrown rider got back on his horse
the thrust of the jet engines
the thumb is absent
the thumb is opposable to the forefinger
the thundering herd
the thundering silence of what was left unsaid
the tides ebbed at noon
the tides turned against him
the tiger dismembered the tourist
the tight end made a great reception on the 20 yard line
the tight shoes and perspiration blistered her feet
the tightening of economic controls
the tightly stoppered bottles
the timbre of her soprano was rich and lovely
the time is 10 o'clock
the time is fixed by the director and players and therefore subject to much variation
the time is ripe for great sociological changes
the time of year for planting
the time set for the launching
the time was digitally displayed
the timely filing of his income tax return
the timid child of authoritarian parents
the timing and control of his movements were unimpaired
the tintinnabulation that so voluminously swells from the ringing and the dinging of the bells
the tires showed uneven wear
the tiresome chirping of a cricket
the tissue around the wound necrosed
the tissue in the eye's cornea may opacify and the patient may go blind
the tissue macerated in the water
the title and author were printed on the spine of the book
the title should be written at the top of the first page
the title track of the album
the titled classes
the titles go by faster than I can read
the titular theme of the book
the toaster was still functional even after being dropped
the toddler behaved adorably
the toddler was a real wiggler on plane trips
the toe box may be rounded or pointed
the toilet bowl ws blown to smithereens
the tone was comically desperate
the tongue is...the most mobile articulator
the top graduate
the top shelf
the top was thick with dust
the torments of the damned
the torrential facility and fecundity characteristic of his style
the torrid heat of the noonday sun
the total Nazi crime
the total breakage was huge
the totality of war and its consequences
the touchdown was nullified because the left tackle was offside
the tough bottoms of his feet
the toughs and blades of the city hoot and bang their drums, drink arak, play dice, and dance
the tourist's desire to visit less-traveled countries
the tourists were baking in the heat
the tournament was held under the auspices of the city council
the tournament was won by a late qualifier
the tower had a pronounced tilt
the tower of Pisa is far out of plumb
the tower proved to be unstable in the high wind
the towers were topped with conical roofs
the town became a beachhead in the campaign to ban smoking outdoors
the town debated the purification of the water supply
the town is close at hand
the town is five miles inland
the town is responsible for snow removal
the town still puts forward pretensions as a famous resort
the town was finally on the upbeat after our recent troubles
the toxin's potency
the traceable course of an ancient wall
the tracing of genealogies
the track bed had washed away
the track of an animal
the track record for the mile and a half at Belmont is 2 minutes 24 seconds held by Secretariat since 1973
the track record shows that he will be a good president
the trackless snowy meadow
the trackless wastes of the desert
the tradition was still alive
the traditional controversy between the nativistic and empiristic theories
the traffic advanced at a crawl
the traffic moved at a creep
the traffic patterns around O'Hare are very crowded
the tragedy overshadowed the couple's happiness
the tragic spectacle of cripples trying to escape
the tragicomic disparity...between's man's aspirations and his accomplishments
the trail led straight to the perpetrator
the trailer rode piggyback across the country
the trails transect the property
the train arrived late
the train clanked through the village
the train derailed because a cow was standing on the tracks
the train hit the truck broadside
the train is due in 15 minutes
the train is late
the train is prompt
the train moved ahead slowly
the train pulled into the station
the train was an unexpected sight
the trainer jumped the tiger through the hoop
the trains crossed
the traitor was dispatched by the conspirators
the tramp of military boots
the transduction of acoustic waves into voltages by a microphone
the transfer of the music from record to tape suppressed much of the background noise
the transition was almost indiscernible
the translation is...light-handed...and generally unobtrusive
the translation misses much of the subtlety of the original French
the transmission screen shows the picture that is actually on the air
the transmogrification of the prince into a porcupine
the transmontane section of the state
the transmutation of base metals into gold proved to be impossible
the transplant did not flower until the second year
the trapped miners found a pocket of air
the traveling company all stayed at the same hotel
the travellers were marooned
the traversers slowly ascended the mountain
the treasure found in the ancient tomb was reposited in the museum
the treasure is 2 minutes and 45 seconds south of here
the treasurer gave a brief overview of the financial consequences
the treatment of water sewage
the treaty had no teeth in it
the treble clef
the tree determines the border of the property
the tree foliated in Spring
the tree split with a great ripping sound
the tree was bent almost double by the gust
the trees cast a delicate web of shadows over the lawn
the trees fruited early this year
the trees were just blurry shapes
the treetops whipped to and fro in a frightening manner
the trembling of his played out limbs
the trend of the stock market
the trial established his innocence
the trials for the semifinals began yesterday
the tribe was relatively safe on the mesa but they had to descend into the valley for water
the tribes like to hawk in the desert
the tribesmen fought each other
the trig corporal in his jaunty cap
the trim brass-mounted carbine of the ranger
the trim on a shirt
the trimming on a hat
the trite metaphor `hard as nails'
the triumph of the rational over the animal side of man
the troops marched shoulder-to-shoulder
the troops stood at attention
the truck gave him a tow to the garage
the trucks convoyed the cars across the battle zone
the true and lawful king
the true meaning of the statement
the true nature of jealousy
the true way to success
the true-hearted soldier...of Tippecanoe
the trumpet solo was the high point of the concert
the trunk held all her meager treasures
the trunk is ten feet around
the trunk was full of stuff
the truth is that he didn't want to do it
the tumor was not amenable to surgical treatment
the tumor's invasion of surrounding structures
the tumultuous years of his administration
the tunnel reduced congestion at that intersection
the turndown was polite but very firm
the turning of the wind
the turnout for the rally
the twigs hereof are physic
the twilight glow of the sky
the twins were indistinguishable
the two chess kings are set up on squares of opposite colors
the two children who were snuggled sleepily in the back of the car
the two factions are deadlocked over fringe benefits
the two groups differed significantly
the two groups were similar in content
the two ideas were considered separably
the two lovers killed themselves in a suicide pact
the two men grappled with each other for several minutes
the two of them were in close sympathy
the two parties were in agreement
the two phenomena are intimately connected
the two photographs lay face-to-face on the table
the two sofas face each other
the two specimens are actually different from each other but the differences are almost indistinguishable
the two spoke in unison
the two substances copolymerized
the two teams played a makeup one week later
the two terms are used synonymously
the two units are functionally interdependent
the two were haggling shabbily in the drawing-room
the two were thick as thieves for months
the two-note call of the cuckoo
the tying of bow ties is an art; the untying is easy
the typical (or normal) American
the typical car owner drives 10,000 miles a year
the typographic art
the tyranny of a scoundrelly aristocracy
the tyrant's oppression of the people
the ultimacy of these social values
the ultimate achievement
the ultimate in luxury
the ultimate insult
the ultimate question
the ultimate sonata of that opus
the ultrasonic dimensioning measurement
the umpire called it a no ball
the umpire warned the batter to stay in the batter's box
the unaccommodating bus driver pulled out while she was banging on the door
the unadjusted clock is running fast
the unadulterated truth
the unbroken quiet of the afternoon
the uncertainty of the outcome
the unchangeable seasons
the uncomfortable truth
the unconfessed cannot be forgiven
the uncongenial roommates were always fighting
the uncoupled caboose rolled down the incline
the uncrowned king
the unctuous Uriah Heep
the under parts of a machine
the underbellies of clouds
the understood conditions of troop withdrawal were clear
the understood provisos of a custody agreement
the undeserving poor
the undisputed fact
the undraped statue
the unemployed are not necessarily work-shy
the unending bliss of heaven
the unexpected news produced a kind of galvanization of the whole team
the unexpectedness of the warm welcome
the unexpressed terms of the agreement
the unfailing sign of an amateur
the unfeathered brood
the unfeathered legs of an Orpington
the unfriendly environment at high altitudes
the ungrasped infinite ground of all being
the unhappy (or sad) news
the unhappy couple got into a terrible scrap
the unhappy memories of her childhood receded as she grew older
the unhappy truth
the unicorn--a mythical horned beast
the uniform looks like it belonged to a museum collection
the unilluminated side of Mars
the unimpassioned intellect
the uninformed public
the union broke with its past undemocratic procedures
the union came to the table with a whole grocery list of demands
the union movement
the union of opposing factions
the union was brought into submission
the union's support had been in lockstep for years
the unions presented a common front at the bargaining table
the unions voted solidly for Roosevelt
the unique existing example of Donne's handwriting
the unitary principles of nationalism
the uniting influence was stronger than the separative
the universal popularity of American movies
the universe is neither hostile nor friendly; it is simply indifferent
the university is like a self-contained city with shops and all amenities
the university rewired the dormitories when most students brought computers and television sets
the unkindest cut of all
the unknowable mysteries of life
the unknown word turned up over and over again in the text
the unlaureled heroism of endurance
the unlawful restraint of trade
the unlittered shoulders of the road
the unlucky prisoner was again put in irons
the unmusical cry of the bluejay
the unpleasant situation (or position) of having to choose between two evils
the unprovoked and dastardly attack by Japan on...December 7th
the unratified Equal Right Amendment
the unreachable stars
the unreal world of advertising art
the unsleeping city
the unsocial disposition to neglect one's neighbors
the unsoundness of his conclusion was obvious
the unsuccessful run for office left him ruined politically and economically
the unsullied snow of mountains
the untapped stockrooms of our minds
the untrammeled rush that the snows had shown in the first spring sun
the untreated wounded lay on makeshift cots
the untroubled kingdom of reason
the unvarnished candor of old people and children
the unwashed masses
the unwaxed floor
the up staircase
the up-tick in terrorist activity
the upcoming spring fashions
the uplifting of the clouds revealed the blue of a summer sky
the upper bunk
the upper chamber is the senate
the upper echelon
the upper half of the class
the upper limb of the bow
the upper side of a leaf is known as the adaxial surface
the upper stories
the uppermost book in the pile
the upset pitcher of milk
the upstairs maid
the urban poor need assistance
the urbanized Eastern states
the urge to find out got him into trouble
the urgency of his need
the urgent words `Hurry! Hurry!'
the use of herbs is one of the excellencies of French cuisine
the use of industrial robots created redundancy among workers
the use of protective masks and equipment
the use of the arch in monumental architecture
the usual congratulatory crowd was conspicuously absent
the usual greeting
the usual summer heat
the uterine fundus
the utmost tip of the peninsula
the utter motionlessness of a marble statue
the uvular r
the vacuousness of her face belied her feelings
the vagaries of the weather
the vagina is elastic enough to allow the passage of a fetus
the vagina receives the penis during coitus
the valley is no stranger to bloodshed and murder
the valley of the Indus was the site of an early civilization
the valley of the Rhone is famous for its vineyards
the valley was between two ranges of hills
the valleys subside
the valuation of this property is much too high
the value assigned was 16 milliseconds
the value of his stocks doubled during the past year
the value of our house rose sharply last year
the various reports all agreed
the various turpitudes of modern society
the varnished table top dulled with time
the varying angles of roof slope
the vase remained intact despite rough handling
the vast accumulation of knowledge...which we call civilization
the vast extent of the desert
the vast reaches of outer space
the vehemence of his denial
the veins in his temple throbbed
the velocity of light is a constant
the ventral aspect of the human body
the ventricose gullet of an insect
the venture turned out badly for the investors
the vernal equinox
the versatility of his poetic freewheeling style
the verse of the laments is Adonic
the very avatar of cunning
the very capaciousness of the idea meant that agreement on fundamentals was unnecessary
the very center of town
the very easiness of the deed held her back
the very extensiveness of his power was a temptation to abuse it
the very latest scientific discoveries
the very man I want to see
the very picture of a modern general
the very thing he said yesterday
the vessel was beaten to matchwood on the rocks
the vest fit snugly
the vestiges of political democracy were soon uprooted
the vet gelded the young horse
the veterans laughed at the new recruits
the veterans paraded down the street
the vexed issue of priorities
the vexed parents of an unruly teenager
the vibrating piano strings
the vice-presidency is a hybrid of administrative and legislative offices
the viceregal visit
the vicious and degrading cult of violence
the victim of whimsical persecutions
the victor's grace in treating the vanquished
the victorious entry
the victory was a signal for wild celebration
the victory was the realization of a whole year's work
the view from the peak was magnificent
the view of that time was that all species were immutable, created by God
the vigilant eye of the town watch
the vile development of slavery appalled them
the vileness of his language surprised us
the village looked delusively near
the village stayed the same
the vine climbed up the side of the house
the violin's pure and lovely song
the violinist played that piece mawkishly
the violinist was indulgent with his swoops and slides
the violinist's bowing was excellent
the violinist's stopping was excellent
the virulence of the malicious old man
the virulence of the plague
the virus of jealousy is latent in everyone
the visit was especially wearing
the visiting team swept the series
the visor was acutely peaked
the visual deception of trompe-l'oeil art
the visualized scene lacked the ugly details of real life
the vital transcendental soul belonging to the spiritual realm
the vitality of a seed
the vitalizing rays of the warming sun
the vitiation of the contract
the vitreous chamber
the vividly described wars
the vocal repertoire
the vocalic ablaut
the voice at the other end of the line dropped menacingly
the voice of experience
the voice of the law
the voice was low and beguiling
the voicelessness of those who live in situations of hopelessness
the volar surface
the volatility of the market drove many investors away
the volcano erupted after centuries of dormancy
the volcano is very much alive
the volcano spews out molten rocks every day
the voltage divider consisted of a series of fixed resistors
the voltage spiked
the voltage was increased stepwise
the volume of exports
the volume was handsomely bound
the voted settled the argument decisively
the vowellike nature of `r'
the voyage was pleasant and uneventful
the vulgar display of the newly rich
the vulgar tongue of the masses
the wages of sin is death
the wailing and jumping up and down exhausted him
the wailing wind
the waistband had lost its snap
the wait seemed eternal
the wait was an ordeal for him
the waiters were unflurried and good natured
the waitresses looked like missionaries in drag
the wall followed the road
the wall had a smooth texture
the wall had a spotty speckled effect
the wall is sound
the wallpaper was covered all over with flowers
the walls are held together with metal links placed in the wet mortar during construction
the walls of the cylinder were perforated
the walls were covered with pictures
the wan light of dawn
the wan sun cast faint shadows
the wandering Jew
the waning of his enthusiasm was obvious
the war against crime
the war between the sexes
the war intervened between the birth of her two children
the war left him immeasurably fearful of what man can do to man
the war machine
the war on poverty
the war on terrorism has put Saddam Hussein in the crosshairs
the warbler has a white throat and underparts
the warden was always accommodating in allowing visitors in
the warmness of his welcome made us feel right at home
the warmongers kept up their drumbeat on Iraq
the warning was to beware of surprises
the warrant bore the sheriff's seal
the warships convoyed the merchant ships across the Pacific
the washing machine needs to be serviced
the waste of time could prove fatal
the wastefulness of missed opportunities
the watch dog gave her a feeling of security
the water formed little beads
the water in New York harbor is oily and dirty and germy
the water in the ocean is all saltwater
the water reached ankle level
the water rose waist-high
the water shortage compels conservation
the water was a glassy smoothness
the water was acceptable for drinking
the water was purling
the water's edge
the water's muddiness made it undrinkable
the wateriness of his blood
the wave caught the canoe broadside and capsized it
the waves crashed on the shore and kept us awake all night
the waves laved the shore
the waves reverberate as far away as the end of the building
the waves rolled towards the beach
the waxing and waning of the moon
the waxing moon passes from new to full
the waxing of the moon
the way of transgressors is hard
the way they buried him so hurriedly was disgraceful
the wc is occupied
the weak link in the chain
the weakness of the dollar against the yen
the weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed
the wearer of the crown
the weather has been freakishly variable
the weather is one variable to be considered
the weather is uncertain
the weather may conceivably change
the weather system of the Pacific is determined by the uninterrupted smoothness of the ocean
the weather was a wild card
the wedding date is now definite
the wedding is definitely off
the wedding was attended by royalty
the wee hours of the morning
the wee small voice of conscience
the weekly bulletin contains several predictors of mutual fund performance
the weight of the documentation of all the consignments on board a contemporary container ship can exceed 90 pounds
the weighty matters to be discussed at the peace conference
the welfare state brought its own newspeak
the were evicted from the premises
the western world
the wet road was shining sleekly
the whales calve at this time of year
the wheels of government began to turn
the wheels sang their song as the train rocketed ahead
the wheels skidded against the sidewalk
the whip raised a red welt
the whir of the propellers
the whistle signalled the end of the game
the whistleblower was fired for exposing the conditions in mental hospitals
the white hairs of old age
the white hills of a northern winter
the whole argument rested on a basis of conjecture
the whole body filed out of the auditorium
the whole camp laughed at his mistake
the whole city was affected by the irremediable calamity
the whole country worshipped him
the whole experience was really freaky
the whole floor complained about the lack of heat
the whole hog
the whole occasion had a carnival atmosphere
the whole of American literature
the whole office was late the morning of the blizzard
the whole room was cheering
the whole school turned out for the game
the whole street protested the absence of street lights
the whole town cheered the team
the whole town was astir over the incident
the whole town was famous for its crudeness
the wicked rascally shameful conduct of the bankrupt
the wide plains
the widespread disaffection of the troops
the widow leapt into the funeral pyre
the widow sued his surgeon for malpractice
the widow wore black
the wild ducks took water
the wild farcical exuberance of a clown
the wildness of his anger
the will of a defunct aunt
the wind backed
the wind blew westerly
the wind is coming from that quarter
the wind made the vessel heel
the wind picked up the hem of her unbuttoned coat
the wind swayed the trees gently
the wind veered
the wind winnowed the grass
the window displays tempted the shoppers
the window frame isn't quite true
the window was tightly sealed
the windows are up
the windows glowed jewel bright
the winds are easterly
the winds are northerly
the winds are southerly
the winds are southwesterly
the winds are unabated
the winds blew easterly all night
the winds of change
the windward islands
the wine bottles glugged
the wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish
the wine left a dark stain
the wine was unclouded
the wing of a bat and the arm of a man are homologous
the winged feet of Mercury
the wings of a bee and those of a hummingbird are analogous
the wings of the birds clapped loudly
the winner is the team with the most points at the finish
the winner was a true sleeper--no one expected him to get it
the winning goal came with less than a minute left to play
the winning score came with less than a minute left to play
the winning team
the winnowing was done by women
the wino's poor befuddled mind
the wire has an extension of 50 feet
the wire is gauged
the witch cackled madly
the withdrawal of French troops from Vietnam
the witness is biased and so cannot be trusted
the witness remained collected throughout the cross-examination
the witness remained silent
the witness stands unsworn
the witnesses demanded police protection
the woeful plight of homeless people
the woman charged that her jailer was a fondler
the woman kept house while the man hunted
the woman looked up at her incredulously
the women arrived uninvitedly
the women were sickly and subject to excessive menstruation
the wonders of modern science
the wood petrified with time
the woods and braky glens
the woolly aphid has a lanate coat resembling cotton
the word `bow' is an example of a heteronym
the word `car' is inanimate
the word `dog' is animate
the word `element' contains five different types of character
the word `error' contains three tokens of `r'
the word `nationalism' is used in at least two distinct senses
the word `pocket' has two syllables
the word `scuba' is an acronym for s(elf)-c(ontained) u(nderwater) b(reathing) a(pparatus)
the word for a pedal extremity is `foot'
the word is a basic linguistic unit
the words stopped at her lips unsounded
the words were scribbled in pencil
the work could be done or undone and nobody cared
the work is moving along
the work isn't up to the standard I require
the work of an active imagination
the work was moved to the front burner in order to meet deadlines
the workers in the plant were unorganized
the workers spell every four hours
the working class
the working group was supposed to report back in two weeks
the working population
the workmen broke through the gas line
the world is constantly changing
the world of insects
the world of today
the world's heritage of knowledge
the worn pockets on the jacket
the worsened diplomatic relations
the worst dressed person present
the worst player on the team
the worst that could happen
the worst weather of the year
the wound is nearly well
the wounds will eventually scab
the wrecking ball demolished the building
the wrench to his knee occurred as he fell
the wrestler's charge carried him past his adversary
the wretchedness for which these prisons became known
the writer is plotting a new novel
the writer is the lens through which history can be seen
the writer of the anonymous letter owned up after they identified his handwriting
the writing in her novels is excellent
the writings of Mark Twain are pseudonymous
the written part of the exam
the wrong medicine
the wrong side of the road
the wrong way to shuck clams
the wrongful heir to the throne
the wrought silver bracelet
the yawing motion of the ship
the yawning congregation
the yawning in the audience told him it was time to stop
the yawning mine shaft
the year saw one signal triumph for the Labour party
the year's only really consequential legislation
the yolk sac is gradually vascularized
the young Mozart's prodigious talents
the young boy played the violin sonata masterfully
the young girls are in a state of possession--blind and deaf and anesthetic
the young man spoke in effete, accented English
the young man spoke so mundanely of university life
the young man stared into his glass mournfully
the young members challenged their leader impiously
the young people gyrated on the dance floor
the young plants grew lustily
the young prince will soon occupy the throne
the young wheat shone silkily
the yung filly bucked
the zakat is earmarked for the poor and disabled
the zing of the passing bullet
the zonal frontier
the zoning board adopted a master plan for the new development
the zoology of the Pliocene epoch
the...prayer of a righteous man availeth much
theater pieces transferred to celluloid
theatrically dressed
their accusations hit below the belt
their achievements stand as a culmination of centuries of development
their announced intentions
their answer was to sue me
their apartment was furnished with ready-mades
their appeal was denied in the superior court
their behavior was juvenile
their business venture was doomed from the start
their business was lagging behind in the competition for customers
their business was open and aboveboard
their candidate simply ignored the party platform
their ceremonious greetings did not seem heartfelt
their chantlike intoned prayers
their chemistry was wrong from the beginning -- they hated each other
their children were never very strong on obedience
their closeness grew as the night wore on
their competitors went under
their concentrated efforts
their conversation was limited to ulteriorities
their cooperation with us was essential for the success of our mission
their crown jewels figured prominently in the takeover attempt
their declared and their covert objectives
their descriptions of human behavior become vague, dull, and unclear
their devotion to each other was beautiful
their different reactions reflected their very different personalities
their duties were inconsiderable
their ecclesiasticism overwhelmed their religion
their efforts were pathetic
their escape route
their evidenced friendliness to the US
their excellent manners always made me feel gauche
their father's possessions were inequitably divided among the sons
their financial statements are in conformity with generally accepted accounting practices
their first tally came in the 3rd inning
their foiled attempt to capture Calais
their friendship constitutes a powerful bond between them
their frolic in the surf threatened to become ugly
their goal was to reestablish the Caliphate
their guns were at the ready
their hearts were jocund and sublime
their heightening fears
their holiday was spent in sleep and vegetation
their house was a do-it-yourself project
their howling had no effect
their improvements increased the value of the property
their indigence appalled him
their intelligence and general knowingness was impressive
their late quarrel
their lined faces were immeasurably sad
their linemen are all 300-pounders
their lives were spent in committee making decisions for others to execute on the basis of data laboriously gathered for them
their love affair was an open secret
their love left them indifferent to their surroundings
their main business is home construction
their manes streamed like stiff black pennants in the wind
their marriage was conducted in the chapel
their marriage was not salvageable
their military is the largest in the region
their modified stand made the issue more acceptable
their muscles stood out in knots
their neighbors spoke well of them
their nervous shifting glances
their new baby is a real bawler
their nomadic mode of existence
their offices are in a modern skyscraper
their parting was a sad scene
their pitcher was a southpaw
their pitiful laments could be heard throughout the ward
their policy has been avowedly Marxist
their poor behavior was due to the rawness of the troops
their pottery deserves more research than it has received
their praise was extravagant and insincere
their preparation was more than adequate
their principles of composition characterized all their works
their pushcart was piled high with groceries
their quarterback was a good scrambler
their rabidly nonconformist deportment has made them legendary
their rancor dated from a political dogfight between them
their reactions were partly the product of pent-up emotions
their receptivity to the proposal
their record was 3 wins, 6 losses and a tie
their relationship was of an indeterminably vague nature
their research uncovered new disease agents
their rich uncle treated them rather chintzily
their riotous blooming
their secret communications
their secret signal was a wink
their son became a famous judge
their speech was full of slang expressions
their spic red-visored caps
their spic, red-visored caps
their star pitcher was a holdout for six weeks
their swimming pool is an attractive nuisance; they should fence it in
their system of hiring people seemed to be a sort of lucky dip
their troops were untrained militia
their understanding of the world is not so dissimilar from our own
their views of life were reductive and depreciatory
their youngest son said grace
theirs was a house filled with laughter
thematic vowels are part of the stem
thematically related
then again, she might not go
then another melodic line is added to the texture
then he left
then there was a break in her voice
then we embarked on the second stage of our Caribbean cruise
then we looked at the other house
then you'll be rich
theologians list seven mortal sins
theologians still disagree over whether `bishop' should or should not be a separate Order
theological seminar
theology should be the handmaiden of ethics
theoretical physics
theoretical science
theories about the extinction of dinosaurs are still highly conjectural
theories can incorporate facts and laws and tested hypotheses
theory-based arguments and positions
theosophical writings
therapeutic approach to criminality
therapeutic diets
there I was back on the hook
there are 30,000 passengers per day
there are 360 degrees in a circle
there are 8 bits in a byte
there are approximately 336 dimples on a golf ball
there are few Manx speakers alive today
there are finitely many solutions to this problem
there are horizontal rotors on a helicopter or compressor rotors in a jet engine
there are infinitely many possibilities
there are laboratories for commercial testing
there are laws that protect the wildlife in this park
there are limits on the amount you can bet
there are many differences between jazz and rock
there are many vowers of chastity but few who observe it
there are no black-and-white certainties
there are no greater givers than those who give themselves
there are not many fourth termers in the Senate
there are numerous projects on tap
there are powerful engines under the hoods of new cars
there are probably more unreconstructed Southerners than one would like to admit
there are seven continents
there are six lines in every stanza
there are still a few kinks to iron out
there are three synagogues in the Jewish section
there are too many gatekeepers between the field officers and the chief
there are two classes of detergents
there are two sides to every question
there as a trail of blood
there but for the grace of God go I
there came ten thousand horsemen and as many fully-armed foot
there cannot be a directed verdict of guilty in a criminal trial
there had been no change in the mountains
there has been talk about you lately
there have been good and mediocre and bad artists
there have been plenty of general declarations about willingness to meet and talk, but conspicuously no mention of time and place
there is a block of classrooms in the west wing
there is a constant hum of military preparation
there is a demand for jobs
there is a desperate shortage of hard cash
there is a downside even to motherhood
there is a great deal that is nonrational in modern culture
there is a hair in my soup
there is a law against kidnapping
there is a musky roundness to his wordiness
there is a narrow line between sanity and insanity
there is a possibility that his sense of smell has been impaired
there is a remarkable homogeneity between the two companies
there is a serious lack of insight into the problem
there is a shortage of skilled labor in this field
there is a special cleaner for these surfaces
there is a stopover to change planes in Chicago
there is a tension between these approaches to understanding history
there is a tension created between narrative time and movie time
there is a vast disconnect between public opinion and federal policy
there is always some pollution in the air
there is an example on page 10
there is an important difference between rusticity and urbanity
there is an officer's club on the post
there is an opening in the sales department
there is considerable dispute among specialists concerning infantile autism
there is little foundation for his objections
there is little likelihood of a meltdown comparable to the American banking collapse in March 1933
there is little or no promise that he will recover
there is mischief afoot
there is more at stake than your modesty
there is more than a sufficiency of lawyers in this country
there is much good to be found in people
there is no culture uncontaminated by contact with the outside world
there is no free lunch in politics or Hollywood
there is no greater sadness that the dwindling away of a family
there is no guarantee that they are not lying
there is no life on the moon
there is no magic bullet against cancer
there is no objective evidence of anything of the kind
there is no other alternative
there is no question about the validity of the enterprise
there is no way out other than the fire escape
there is not a drop of pity in that man
there is nothing more I can do; it's in the lap of the gods now
there is nothing unthematic in this composition
there is now a critical mass of successful women to take the lead
there is plenty of parking behind the store
there is precious little time left
there is reason to believe he is lying
there is seating for 40 students in this classroom
there is standing room only on the high-speed commute
there is strength in union
there may be some great new gizmo around the corner that you will want to use
there must be a skeleton somewhere in that family's closet
there must be some misunderstanding--I don't have a sister
there was a backlash of intolerance
there was a baseball game on every empty lot
there was a basketful of ironing to do
there was a blanket of snow
there was a break in the action when a player was hurt
there was a breakaway by the discontented members
there was a brief encounter in the hallway
there was a brief kiss of their hands in passing
there was a brief period of conciliation but the fighting soon resumed
there was a ceremony to induct the president of the Academy
there was a certain woodenness in his replies
there was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water
there was a cleavage between the liberal and conservative members
there was a congressional probe into the scandal
there was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare
there was a connection via the internet
there was a conspiracy of silence about police brutality
there was a crack in the mirror
there was a danger he would do the wrong thing
there was a decrease in his temperature as the fever subsided
there was a desire for National League ball in the area
there was a dip in the road
there was a disturbance of neural function
there was a dreadfully bloody accident on the road this morning
there was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery
there was a dullness in his heart
there was a flurry of chicken feathers
there was a gap in his account
there was a gradual escalation of hostilities
there was a grain of truth in what he said
there was a ground swell of antiwar sentiment
there was a hesitation in his speech
there was a jog in the road
there was a light at every corner
there was a little gush of blood
there was a lull in the storm
there was a motion from the floor
there was a note of gaiety in her manner
there was a note of uncertainty in his voice
there was a palpable sense of joy in the air
there was a pertness about her that attracted him
there was a pile of flagging waiting to be laid in place
there was a power breakdown
there was a question about my training
there was a reshuffle of cabinet officers
there was a reversal of autonomic function
there was a rip in his pants
there was a roof on salaries
there was a round of applause
there was a sag in the chair seat
there was a salvo of approval
there was a saving of 50 cents
there was a search for beauty that had somehow gone adrift
there was a sharp drop-off in sales
there was a ship in the offing
there was a shocked silence
there was a simple fret at the top of the walls
there was a small ceremony for the hanging of the portrait
there was a small opening between the trees
there was a sudden release of oxygen
there was a sudden wave of buying before the market closed
there was a terrible flap about the theft
there was a thin skim of oil on the water
there was a three-story building on the corner
there was a touch of sarcasm in his tone
there was a walkout by the Black members as the chairman rose to speak
there was a watchful dignity in the room
there was a wedding in the offing
there was additional involvement of the liver and spleen
there was an addition to property taxes this year
there was an atmosphere of excitement
there was an easiness between them
there was an indefinite prolongation of the peace talks
there was an informal meeting in my living room
there was an interchange of prisoners
there was an understanding between management and the workers
there was blood in his urine
there was fighting in the streets
there was footprint evidence that he had been at the scene of the crime
there was great heat as the comet entered the atmosphere
there was heavy play at the blackjack table
there was implicit criticism in his voice
there was interreflection between the two surfaces of the lens
there was keen competition for the nomination
there was much exclaiming over it
there was never a letup in the noise
there was never an occasion for her to demonstrate her skill
there was no agreement between theory and measurement
there was no bar against leaving
there was no meeting of minds
there was no mention of it
there was no mistaking her meaning
there was no occasion for complaint
there was no overlap between their proposals
there was no place to attach supports for a shelf
there was no remainder
there was no shortness of money
there was not a scrap left
there was not enough fill for the trench
there was only one piece of furniture in the room
there was plenty of food for everyone
there was practically no garden at all
there was snow at the higher elevations
there was something fishy about the accident
there was standing room for thousands more people
there was still a rusty iron hoop for tying a horse
there was too much anger and disturbance
there was too much for one person to do
there was too much play in the steering wheel
there was too much socialization with the enlisted men
there was widespread danger of disease
there wasn't a breath of air in the room
there wasn't a trace of evidence for the claim
there wasn't time for a nap
there wasn't time to cook the unthawed turkey, so they had to settle for hotdogs
there were Turk's head lilies and patches of iris, islands of brilliant blue set capriciously in the green sea
there were allegations of the withholding of evidence
there were at least 200 people in the audience
there were bars in the windows to prevent escape
there were bullet holes in the metalwork
there were cracks in the plaster
there were distinguishing disfigurements on the suspect's back
there were few crumbs of comfort in the report
there were four notches in the handle of his revolver
there were four parked cars across the street
there were framed snapshots of family and friends on her desk
there were impurities in the water
there were indications that it was time to leave
there were irreconcilable differences
there were lone gentlemen and gentlemen accompanied by their wives
there were many children whose deservingness he recognized and rewarded
there were many demands on his time
there were many erasures in the typescript
there were marked changes in the lining of the lungs
there were millions of flies
there were mistakes in the ordering of items on the list
there were more than a thousand words of text
there were no grey areas, you were either for him or against him, he was all black-and-white
there were no signs of asphyxiation
there were not enough seats for all the guests
there were only 17 votes in favor of the motion
there were only extralegal recourses for their grievances
there were open fields clear to the horizon
there were puddles of muddy water in the road after the rain
there were so many callers that he finally disconnected the telephone
there were stories of murders and other unnatural actions
there were stretches of boredom
there were two women and six men on the bus
there were violent demonstrations against the war
there were wide variations in the conditions of observation
there will always be a few people who, through macho perversity, gain satisfaction from bullying and terrorism
there will be a network outage from 8 to 10 a.m.
there will be a wealth of information on hand from the lawyers
there will be signage displayed at each post
there would be men guarding the horses
there's a bonny bay beyond
there's a drip through the roof
there's a fellow at the door
there's a new brand of hero in the movies now
there's a perpetual twinkle in his eyes
there's a slight chance it will work
there's an interesting excavation going on near Princeton
there's dirty weather in the offing
there's enough for two servings each
there's good stuff in that book
there's no help for it
there's no place like home
there's no weeping at an Irish wake
there's no work on the land any more
there's nothing quite like a real...train conductor to add color to a quotidian commute
there's slight chance that it will work
there's too much shadiness to take good photographs
thereafter he never called again
therefore X must be true
thermal capacity
thermal inactivation of serum samples
thermal movements of molecules
thermal underwear
thermal water
thermic energy
thermionic cathode
thermoplastic materials can be remelted and cooled time after time without undergoing any appreciable chemical change
thermostatic control
these advertised products
these animals are not related generically
these apples are good eaters
these apprehended truths
these architecture magazines are full of the lush interiors of the rich and famous
these are real problems that can be dealt with most effectively by rational discussion
these are troublous times
these considerations outweigh our wishes
these days it is not unusual
these days large families are atypical
these drugs act insidiously
these facts are well known
these fish are quite tolerant as long as extremes of pH are avoided
these four friends always act clannishly, and don't let us participate in their activities
these great best canvases still look as astonishing and as invitingly new as they did...when...his fulgurant popularity was in full growth
these innocent bystanders were senselessly killed
these intelligence tests were used injudiciously for many years
these interpretations are called `schemas' or, more pedantically, `schemata'
these magnificent achievements were only incidentally influenced by Oriental models
these mythological figures are described disparagingly as belonging `only to a story'
these organisms enter the body invisibly
these peculiarly cinematic elements
these piano pieces were published posthumously
these plants ramify early and get to be very large
these preferences are temperately stated
these problems apart, the country is doing well
these puzzles are famous for their trickiness
these rudimentary truths
these services are likely to be available to us all before long
these snakes can be identified readily
these so-called experts are no help
these solutions cannot be found overnight!
these species do not interbreed
these statements were faultily attributed to me
these stories were transmitted by word of mouth
these temples were mindlessly destroyed by the Red Guards
these terms can be used interchangeably
these terms were used with a vagueness that suggested little or no thought about what each might convey
these three pions may actually be joined together transiently as a compound particle during the interchange process
these topics need to be treated not just descriptively
these trees are widely planted because of their resistance to salt and smog
these trees gum in the Spring
these troubled areas
these two are inseparably linked
these two factors are directly related
these two fruit flies are homozygous for red eye color
these two plants are morphologically related
these two surfaces osculate
these variations from custom are illogical, incomprehensible, and unmodifiable
these various courses all seemed insuperably difficult to the student
these voices are meagerly represented at the conference
these voices were amply represented
these were estates his father questionably acquired
they accused the paper of biased coverage of race relations
they achieved his debarment from holding public office
they acted irrationally
they acted with such obvious shadiness that they were instantly recognizable
they admired his performance under stress
they admired his scrupulous professional integrity
they admitted the force of my argument but remained dubious
they adopted a trial-and-error procedure
they advertise on many different fronts
they advertised the durability of their products
they agreed about the difficulty of the climb
they agreed on a policy of cooperation
they agreed to end the testing of atomic weapons
they all did their share of the work
they all were whopping drunk
they allowed just one vote per person
they always raise the audio for commercials
they always sat on the right side of the church
they analyzed the river into three parts
they announced a two-for-one split of the common stock
they answered my letter pro forma
they applied for an extension of the loan
they are accused of conspiring to constrain trade
they are always correcting my pronunciation
they are at opposite poles
they are avaricious and will do anything for money
they are coming, for certain
they are debating the budget today on Capitol Hill
they are definitely coming; further, they should be here already
they are descendants of indentured importees
they are dotty about each other
they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights
they are expecting a large vote
they are extremely inhospitable these days
they are far apart socioeconomically
they are finely, not to say neurotically adjusted
they are friends of the library
they are further along in their research than we expected
they are geographically closer to the center of town
they are having a special on pork chops
they are heavy petters
they are living together without benefit of clergy
they are looking for employment
they are near equals
they are newly married
they are not friends
they are now abroad
they are nowise different
they are on the same wavelength
they are on the way
they are outstanding in their field
they are patented inventions
they are poles apart
they are presently attempting to gain a foothold in the Russian market
they are pursuing a general program of renovation to the entire property
they are searching for the owner of the car
they are seekers after truth
they are soft on crime
they are still investigating the crash of the TWA plane
they are sustainers of the idea of democracy
they are tacitly expected to work 10 hours a day
they are the progressive wing of the Republican Party
they are traders out to make a fast buck
they are trying to determine the cause of the crash
they are up to date
they argued whether or not Adam had a navel
they arranged to meet in secret
they arrived at an awkward time
they arrived unannounced
they asked for a 10% rise in rates
they assumed their operational positions
they attacked the enemy's line
they attacked the enemy's right flank
they attacked violently
they avoided a re-introduction of the old terminology
they avoided all recreational activity
they awaited her arrival
they awaited news of the outcome
they battled over the budget
they behaved aristocratically
they behaved shockingly at the funeral
they believe that fluidity increases as the water gets warmer
they believe that the books of Scripture were written under divine guidance
they blatantly violated the laws
they blew the bridge sky-high
they blew the trumpet and the walls came tumbling down
they borrowed a page from the playbook of the opposition
they bought a pied-a-terre in London
they bought the business in toto
they bought the car blindly
they broke faith with their investors
they brought about the boat when they saw a storm approaching
they brought the water to a boil
they built a car that runs on electricity
they built a factory on the outskirts of the city
they built a fire at the mouth of the cave
they built a fire of brushwood
they built a large plant to manufacture automobiles
they built a tree house in the tortuosities of its boughs
they built a triumphal arch to memorialize their victory
they built elaborate forms for pouring the foundation
they built it right over a geological fault
they built small mounds to hide behind
they built their castles with an eye to their defensibility
they buried him in his best suit
they buried the dead
they calibrate the effects of atom bombs in megadeaths
they called for artillery support
they called the first World War an Armageddon
they called themselves the Dixie Syncopators
they came anyhow they could
they came at his bidding
they came from an apple packinghouse
they came like angels out the unknown
they can read therein what our plans are
they can't possibly get here in time for the funeral?
they carried a vast inventory of hardware
they carved their way through the tangle of vines
they celebrated his election
they celebrated the birth of their first child
they challenged his leadership of the union
they changed his spot on the program
they changed their dietary pattern
they checked everyone's badge before letting them in
they cheered the rise of the hot-air balloon
they chipped off bark to mark the trail with blazes
they claimed that acrylamide is produced when certain carbohydrates are baked or fried at high temperatures
they claimed that they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings
they clambered to the tip of Monadnock
they closed the purchase with a handshake
they collect the waste once a week
they collected a urine specimen for urinalysis
they collected and cut their own firewood
they collected blood scrapings for analysis
they collected mushrooms in the wild
they communicated nonverbally
they compared the cooking performance of each oven
they compiled an autobiographical history of the movement
they concocted a plot to discredit the governor
they condemned him without a hearing
they consider the church to be independent of the world
they considerately withdrew
they considered colonialism immoral
they considered themselves a tough outfit and weren't bashful about letting anybody know it
they conversed with great facility
they could find no record of the purchase
they could hear the burglar alarm a mile away
they could not act without official communication from Moscow
they could read to their heart's content
they could sense radiation in the infrared
they could still receive the sound but the picture was gone
they counterfeited dollar bills
they criticised his performance as mayor
they criticized my judgment of the contestants
they criticized the boy for his limited pursuits
they cut down a stand of trees
they deactivated the file
they dealt with him unfairly
they debated the policy or impolicy of the proposed legislation
they debated the truth of the proposition
they debated whether nature or nurture was more important
they decided to attack across the rocky terrain
they decided to make an example of him
they decided to reposition their furniture in a recommended repository in Brooklyn
they defected because Russian dance was in a straitjacket
they degaussed the ship
they deliberately gave me a skittish and mordacious mount
they delivered the drunk-and-disorderlies to the county jail
they demanded some proof of my sincerity
they demanded the right of assembly
they demonstrated the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus
they departed hurriedly because of some great urgency in their affairs
they developed a scheme of mutual support
they developed a test to detect malingering
they developed alternative fuels for aircraft
they developed paper napkins with a greater uptake of liquids
they devote their lives to caring for the sick
they did a moonlight flit
they did it all hugger-mugger
they did much for humanity
they did much of their overseas trade in foreign bottoms
they did not understand what had happend at the once highflying company
they did their best
they didn't follow our lead
they didn't have much in the way of clothing
they didn't have to use coercion
they didn't take his hairsplitting seriously
they died from exposure
they died in the defense of Stalingrad
they dipped into the taxpayers' pockets
they disagreed but kept an open dialogue
they discarded all their inessentials
they discussed plans for a new bond issue
they discussed the merits and demerits of her novel
they discussed the question enthusiastically
they disliked his zeal in demonstrating his superiority
they distributed unlike (or unequal) sums to the various charities
they divorced after the birth of the child
they don't know how to dress decently
they don't really listen to us
they don't speak our lingo
they drew lots for it
they drew nearer
they drew up a six-step plan
they drive through town on their way to work
they dropped their garbage overboard
they drove off
they dug a drift parallel with the vein
they dug a pit to bury the body
they dug into the earth outside the church
they dumped the waste illegally
they earn more up north
they earned their stripes in Kuwait
they eat more than they should
they emerged from the woods onto a vast open plain
they encouraged customers with a premium for loyal patronage
they enjoyed singing rounds
they enjoyed the highest standard of living in the country
they entertained a houseful of guests
they entertained on a grand scale
they envied her naturally curly hair
they escaped by a hair's-breadth
they established a cap for prices
they exchange pleasantries
they expanded the schools for a generation of baby boomers
they expected the drop would be successful
they explored every avenue they could think of
they explored several Roman ruins
they export most of their agricultural production
they feared exposure of their campaign plans
they feared some undetected trace of poison
they feared use of the smallpox virus as a bioweapon
they fell into a conversational rut
they felt no loyalty to a losing team
they felt the full fury of the elements
they felt--at any rate Jim felt--relieved though still wary
they finally have the wrinkles pretty well ironed out
they finally reached a settlement with the union
they finished before the fall of night
they finished the game under protest to the league president
they flew downwind
they flew upwind
they forget to solder the contacts
they formed a community of scientists
they formed a small lunch society
they fought fiercely
they fought to regain the lost ground
they fought toe-to-toe for the nomination
they found a bed of sandstone
they found a quiet out-of-the-way resort
they found dissension in their own ranks
they found out that some policemen were in league with the criminals
they found the body in the lake
they fumbled around in total darkness
they funded a pilot project in six states
they funded research and development
they gained ground step by step
they gathered a harvest of examples
they gave full play to the artist's talent
they gave him emotional support during difficult times
they gave him more eclat than he really deserved
they gave it another zap of radiation
they gave little warning of their arrival
they gave the chairman a vote of confidence
they gave us the O.K. to go ahead
they glutted the market in order to cause a shakeout of their competitors
they got a bad connection and could hardly hear one another over the background signals
they got a great bang out of it
they got a subpoena to examine our books
they got an early start
they grew apart over the years
they had a bitter exchange
they had a fierce wrestle
they had a good time together
they had a high estimation of his ability
they had a large carriage house
they had a most twirlingly magnificent time
they had a nice stay in Paris
they had a quarrel
they had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded
they had an agreement that they would not interfere in each other's business
they had been political foes for years
they had brandy in the library
they had excellent seats in the dress circle
they had good reason to rejoice
they had just moved in and had not put up blinds yet
they had labor trouble
they had lunch at one
they had never travelled abroad
they had no protection from the fallout
they had not done any work theretofore
they had pathetically little money
they had planned to derail the trains that carried atomic waste
they had sex in the back seat
they had stock footage of lightning, tornados, and hurricanes
they had the big top up in less than an hour
they had three children
they had to carry a ramrod as well as powder and ball
they had to complete the sale before the banks closed
they had to consolidate their operations
they had to decide whether his misconduct was adventitious or the result of a flaw in his character
they had to devise a system that did not depend on cooperation
they had to leave the wounded where they fell
they had to plan for contingent expenses
they had to prove their fitness for the position
they had to put their family pet to sleep
they had to reinforce the center
they had to shorten the school term
they had to treat with the King
they had to wait a generation for that prejudice to fade
they had too much furniture for the small apartment
they had words
they handed out the printed text of the mayor's speech
they handled the incident with kid gloves
they have a chef who specializes in fish
they have a right nice place
they have a southpaw on the mound
they have agreed provisionally
they have an upper class clientele
they have begun, however reluctantly, to acknowledge the legitimacy of some of the opposition's concerns
they have exclusive use of the machine
they have interests all over the world
they have lived there for years
they have look-alike cars
they have made the place as unappealing as possible
they have plenty of stonewashed jeans in stock
they have radiant heating
they have serious linguistic deficits
they have some funny ideas about war
they have the illusion that I am very wealthy
they have to operate under a system they oppose
they have very small limbs with only two fully developed toes on each
they heard a live rendition of three pieces by Schubert
they heard a violent report followed by silence
they heard indistinct noises of people talking
they heard the rumbling of thunder
they held a public hearing on the bill
they held a sale to reduce their inventory
they held an inventory every month
they held back their applause in anticipation
they held two hostages
they hijacked the judicial process
they hired additional help to finish the work
they hired hunters to keep down the deer population
they hired unimpeachably first-rate faculty members
they hoed up weeds industriously all morning
they hold a shoot every weekend during the summer
they hoped it would act as a spiritual dynamic on all churches
they hoped to avoid a break in relations
they hoped to join the NATO community
they hushed it up out of fear of public reaction
they improve their product every year
they improved the quality from mediocre to above average
they increased output by decreasing processing time
they installed a second hatch as an escape
they installed a shower in the bathroom
they instituted controls over drinking on campus
they intercepted intercommunication between enemy ships
they invaded our territorial waters
they issued a limited edition of Bach recordings
they joined the wagon train for safety
they kept a firm grip on the two top priorities
they kept a log of all transmission by the radio station
they kept gorging on rich foods
they kept in daily contact
they killed him on the theory that dead men tell no tales
they laid down a barrage in front of the advancing troops
they learn much, factually, about the problems of retirement and provision for old age, and, psychologically, in the sharing of their thoughts on retirement
they left a small opening for the cat at the bottom of the door
they left the door open
they liked to dance the twist
they liked to race cross-country
they listened to her proposal
they listened to ten different performances
they listened with flattering interest
they live by the standards of their community
they live in the farther house
they live in the new housing development
they live two doors up the street from us
they live upcountry
they lived form hand to mouth
they lived ignorantly in their own small world
they lived in the poor section of town
they lived meanly and without ostentation
they lived on the outskirts of Houston
they lived penuriously
they lived upstairs
they lived very simply
they located it within a radius of 2 miles
they long ago forsook their nomadic life
they look the same in outward view
they looked forward to the debut of their new product line
they looked quizzically at the doctor
they looked utterly alike
they lost all their games on the road
they lost everything in the fire
they lost the election by a whisker
they loved to roam the hills of West Virginia
they made a check of their equipment
they made a comparison of noise levels
they made a cover of a Beatles' song
they made a futile play for power
they made a mock of him
they made a real dog's breakfast of that job
they made a stopover to visit their friends
they made a tour of Civil War battlefields
they made an assay of the contents
they made an attempt on his life
they made arrangements to meet in Chicago
they made big strides in productivity
they made inroads in the United States market
they made short shrift of my request
they maintained close relations with England even after independence
they make good music--you should give them a hearing
they managed only with great exertion
they managed somehow
they manifested all the busyness of a pack of beavers
they measured it photoelectrically
they measured the fluvial fulvic acid
they measured the station's signal strength
they meet monthly
they met accidentally
they met at Elm Plaza
they met at biennial conventions
they met in a peaceable spirit
they migrated eastward to Sweden
they mingled in the outskirts of the crowd
they moaned in despair and dismay
they money increased a hundredfold
they moved forward from a period of fence mending to substantive changes in the country
they moved in under a mask of friendship
they moved it by inches
they moved the meeting date up
they moved their arms and legs and bodies
they moved to somewhere in Spain
they moved woodenly
they need working agreements with their neighbor states on interstate projects
they needed rugs to cover the bare floors
they negotiated via a back channel
they never did achieve a final resolution of their differences
they now have a new leaders
they offer more than one hundred channels
they offered the convenience of an installment plan
they opened a parking lot on the bomb site
they opened a repair yard on the edge of town
they organized a party to search for food
they organized a rescue operation
they paid a premium for access to water
they paid taxes on every stage of the operation
they painted all four sides of the house
they painted it a light shade of bluish green
they parked in the driveway
they passed inspection with flying colors
they passed out campaign buttons for their candidate
they performed a cappella
they performed with great polish
they phone each other off and on
they pinned a `kick me' sign on his back
they plan to honeymoon in Hawai'i
they play hardball in the Senate
they played a Mass composed by Beethoven
they played a gig in New Jersey
they played as long as it was light
they played at home last night
they played fairly
they played for keeps
they played the adagio too quickly
they played two sets of tennis after dinner
they played up the silliness of their roles for camp effect
they played word games
they polished the furniture to a fare-thee-well
they polled their membership
they prey on the hopes of the desperate
they proceeded unscientifically when they dissected the mummy
they proceeded with gingerly footwork over the jagged stones
they proposed a new direction for the firm
they proposed an increase of 15 percent in the fare
they protested that the nonproliferation treaty was just a plot to maintain the hegemony of those who already had nuclear weapons
they published a collection of Elizabethan bawdy
they pulled the canoe up on the bank
they put an unsympathetic construction on his conduct
they put her in a 4-bed ward
they put him in the sick bay
they put him on a pedestal
they put it into containers for ease of transportation
they put on a Christmas spectacular
they put on the ritz
they put on two performances every day
they put out quite a spread
they put screens in the windows for protection against insects
they put the question to a vote
they put their paintings on the block
they put up tents for the dining area
they questioned the advisability of our policy
they raise money to provide homes for the homeless
they ran a feature on retirement planning
they ran forward into the heart of the struggle
they ran off an initial printing of 2000 copies
they reached an accommodation with Japan
they reacted irrationally to the challenge of Russian power
they really believed that the treaty of Versailles was iniquitously injust
they received $10 each
they received messages from several centers
they recorded the cattle's gain in weight over a period of weeks
they reduced the price on many items
they regarded the atom bomb as a monstrosity
they regretted the closure of the day care center
they rehearsed the scene again
they rejoiced mightily
they resented the impingement of American values on European culture
they resisted every effort on his part
they resisted the introduction of impractical alternatives
they retreated in the face of withering enemy fire
they rode in a double-decker bus
they rode the same wave of popular patriotism
they rode the trade winds going west
they rode to the end of the line
they run things by the book around here
they said nothing of great interest
they said the car would break down and indeed it did
they said their good-byes
they sailed south around the point
they sang a hymn of praise to God
they sang an a cappella Mass
they sank megabucks into their new house
they sat by the fire and talked
they sat on the hearth and warmed themselves before the fire
they sat opposite at the table
they sat vis-a-vis at the table
they saved a quarter of all their earnings
they saw a starlike object in the sky
they saw independence as the fast track to democracy
they saw the light of the beacon
they say he gives good head
they say luck is a lady
they say that Hitler listened only to Wagner
they say that every politician has a price
they say that three moves equal one fire
they scarcely ever used the emergency generator
they scratched a meager living
they searched the wreckage for signs of survivors
they send me an accounting every month
they sent their condolences
they sent us a card from Miami
they separated amicably
they served beer on draft
they served him hand and foot
they served me a dish of rice
they set out on their return to the base camp
they set the measure for all subsequent work
they set up a food bank for the flood victims
they set up a group with a remit to suggest ways for strengthening family life
they set up camp next to the dig
they set up the trust in the hope of gaining a monopoly
they settled awhile in Virginia before moving West
they share the domestic chores
they shared a community of possessions
they shared an identity of interests
they shook hands rather listlessly
they shot the film on location in Nevada
they shot the movie in three-D
they should respect the wishes of the people
they shouted happily
they showed him a paste-up of the book jacket
they showed no eagerness to spread the gospel
they showed us the pictures of their wedding
they sighted land on the port beam
they signed a nonaggression pact
they signed a treaty to lower duties on trade between their countries
they skimmed over the surface of the water
they smoked up the room with their ceaseless puffing
they snobbishly excluded their less wealthy friends from the party
they soaked the leather to made it pliable
they sold the business because it lacked critical mass
they speak a strange dialect
they spend hours and hours just playing the slots
they spent a great deal of money on the landscaping
they spent a lazy summer at the shore
they spent an hour together, talking nostalgically as they wandered slowly down the coast road
they spent their weekends at the local malls
they split the loot three ways
they split their winnings equally
they spoke face to face
they spoke simultaneously
they sponsored arts and crafts in order to encourage craftsmanship in an age of mass production
they started at the bottom of the hill
they stayed in the pattern until the fog lifted
they still talk about the sinking of the Titanic
they stood in a tight little group
they stood on high and observed the countryside
they stood on the grey cement beside the pool
they stood rooted in astonishment
they stopped at an open space in the jungle
they stopped for three days in Florence
they stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory
they stormed the barricade
they stormed the ramparts of the city
they strive for security by truculently asserting their own interests
they struck in support of their claim for a shorter work day
they studied all the great names in the history of France
they studied forerunners of richness or poverty
they study the evolution of the universe
they submitted their charges at the end of each month
they submitted their disagreement to arbitration
they suffered a convincing licking
they suffered extensive damage
they sure smell good
they swam in the nude
they systematically excluded women
they talked animatedly
they talked for hours
they talked until morning
they tested his ability to locate objects in space
they tested his hearing with pure tones of different frequencies
they think a meteor cause the extinction of the dinosaurs
they thought he had been killed sure enough
they thought the Titanic was unsinkable
they thought they made the rules but in reality they were only puppets
they threw off the yoke of domination
they threw the tea into Boston harbor
they took a cable car to the top of the mountain
they took a scunner against the United States
they took a short swim in the pool
they took advantage of her simplicity
they took an extended tour of Europe
they took an oath of allegiance
they took dismissive action after the third violation
they took drugs to get a high on
they took heroic measures to save his life
they took him to the vet for neutering
they took out a nonbearing wall
they took possession of the ball on their own goal line
they took the VCR on approval
they took the show on the road
they took the south fork
they took their defeat badly
they took their girlfriends for joyrides in stolen cars
they took vows of poverty
they tracked him back toward the head of the stream
they traded a few nothings as they parted
they travel to China annually
they traveled at a rate of 55 miles per hour
they traveled to Europe in high season
they traveled westward toward the setting sun
they travelled across the face of the continent
they treated him rough
they trembled before the wrathful queen
they tried to boost sales
they tried to deal with this painful subject jocularly
they tried to predict the magnitude of the explosion
they tried to preserve nature as they found it
they tried to sell me a bill of goods about a secondhand car
they tried to stop the escape of gas from the damaged pipe
they try to help the needy
they try to keep up appearances
they turned their heads questioningly, as if awaiting further instructions
they turned to individualism as their salvation
they used a power play to return the kickoff
they used bales of newspaper every day
they used cattle prods to administer electric shocks
they used face recognition to spot known terrorists
they used picks and sledges to break the rocks
they used scanners to monitor police radio channels
they used spikes to fasten the rails to a railroad tie
they used the elephants to help put up the circus
they used to do the threshing by hand but now there are machines to do it
they used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring
they used to think that intelligence is what an intelligence test tests
they used umbrellas as shades
they viewed universities as ivory towers
they visit New York on occasion
they waded through the slop
they waited at the entrance to the garden
they waited in line for the tickets
they waited stock-still outside the door
they walk alike
they walked hand in hand
they walked the streets of the small town
they want all the finger-pointing about intelligence failures to stop
they wanted to repeal all the legislation that imposed economic controls
they wanted to see some of the shows on Broadway
they wanted to see violence and they got an eyeful
they wanted to take his scalp as a trophy
they watched carefully
they weather was appreciably colder
they welcomed the signs of spring
they welcomed the spring thaw
they went bankrupt during the economic crisis
they went for a walk in the park
they went in opposite directions
they went on a bust that lasted three days
they went out last night
they went slowly forward in the mud
they went their individual ways
they went their separate ways
they went to Paris to see the sights
they went to a movie every Saturday night
they went to the village afoot
they went west as pioneers with only the possessions they could carry with them
they were a society of hunters and gatherers
they were a winning combination
they were able to send their kids to college
they were abundantly supplied with food
they were acquainted
they were all herded together
they were amazed by the furious disturbance they had caused
they were an angry lot
they were appointed ad hoc
they were arranged singly
they were arrayed in line of battle
they were assigned the leviathan of textbooks
they were assigned to kitchen fatigues
they were asymmetrically arranged
they were at the head of the attack
they were attacked as they huddled nakedly on the bare hill
they were badly in need of help
they were barbarously murdered
they were behaving abnormally
they were busily engaged in buying souvenirs
they were careful when crossing the busy street
they were carrying two keys of heroin
they were charged with the starvation of children in their care
they were clearly lost
they were cleverly arranged
they were climbing the ben
they were comfortable or even wealthy by some standards
they were concentrated in pockets inside the city
they were contractually responsible
they were cut transversely
they were developed for the defense program
they were disappointed by the poor returns on their stock portfolio
they were doubtful that the cord would hold
they were driven from the marketplace
they were equally beautiful
they were fearfully attacked
they were friends and it was no matter who won the games
they were fully (or amply) fed
they were hard on his heels
they were having a rough time
they were heartbroken when they learned their child was abnormal
they were herded all together
they were here for some weeks
they were hoping for good weather
they were huddled together for protection
they were identifiably different
they were imbued with a revolutionary ardor
they were in a state of steady motion
they were in the eye of the storm
they were in want of sustenance
they were investigating a series of bank robberies
they were involved in a violent argument
they were learning the basic operations of arithmetic
they were living onshore
they were much in evidence during the fighting
they were multiply checked for errors
they were naked, unshy, and unselfconsciously beautiful
they were on a friendly footing
they were on the homestretch when the computer crashed
they were on the spot when it happened
they were perfectly comfortable together without speech
they were piled up higgledy-piggledy
they were playing better at the close of the season
they were protected until the capitulation of the fort
they were raising money to build a new center for research
they were reduced to mendicancy
they were rescued from despair at the last minute
they were restrained by a prohibition in their charter
they were romantically linked
they were rough and determined fighting men
they were royally treated
they were sailing leeward
they were sailing windward
they were secretly delighted at his embarrassment
they were sentenced to a truncation of their limbs
they were sitting by the water's edge
they were soon out of view
they were soullessly grubbing for profit
they were strangers sharing a pinpoint of time together
they were symmetrically arranged
they were tired and famished for food and sleep
they were travelling hell-for-leather
they were trying to find a peaceful solution
they were under threat of arrest
they were unhappily married
they were unlawfully married
they were unnecessarily rude
they were up to their armpits in water
they were used to a climatically different environment
they were usually at odds over politics
they were usually reluctant to socialize
they were waiting on the first tee
they were walking along the beach slowly and deliciously
they were wary in their movements
they were wearied with the foulness of the weather
they will cut round stock to 1-inch diameter
they will probably give you a lot of static about your editorial
they will schedule the operation as soon as an operating room is available
they wished him Godspeed
they won all the concessions they asked for
they won the championship three years in a row
they won the election even though they offered no positive program
they won the game with a 10-hit attack in the 9th inning
they wore indistinguishable hats
they wore similar coats
they work all day for a mere pittance
they work an 8-hour day
they work hand in glove
they work long hours
they worked a 40-hour week
they worked all night painting the scenery
they worked arduously
they worked competently
they worked either in collaboration or independently
they worked for $30 and found
they worked from morning to night
they worked in fits and starts
they worked in the cause of world peace
they worked out an agreement bilaterally
they worked out an agreement unilaterally
they worked rapidly down the menu of reports
they worked together productively for two years
they wrote a program to do a table lookup
they yelled insults at the visiting team
they're just country folk
they're just kids
they're rather short-handed at the moment
they're snobs--stuck-up and uppity and persnickety
thick boozy singing
thick bullocky shoulders
thick coating of dust
thick cream
thick crowds
thick darkness
thick fog
thick hair
thick lenses exaggerated the size of her eyes
thick marks made by a blunt pencil
thick night
thick smoke
thick soup
thick warm blankets
thick woods
thicken the sauce by adding flour
thickened bronchial arteries
thickets of indigenous trees...on uncultivable land
thickly timbered ridges clothed with loblolly pine and holly
thickset trees
thin oil
thin out the young plants
thin paper
thin wire
things are going crosswise
things are going well
things are okay
things are really there...capture the thereness of them
things are right again now
things happen in the earth and sky with no discernible cause
things left unsaid
things obscurely felt surged up from unknown depths
things of the heart
things were quiet during the Eisenhower administration
think before you act
think big
think globally, not locally
think good thoughts
think small
think thin
think this through very carefully!
thinking always made him frown
thinly overgrown mountainside
third we must consider unemployment
thirsty fields under a rainless sky
thirsty for information
thirsty towels
thirty respirations per minute
this DVD player reproduces the sound of the piano very well
this Mexican town has become a narco-state that ships 100 pounds of cocaine to the United States every day
this accords with the recent study by Hill and Dale
this adjective is used appositively
this annual conference is a showcase for ambitious small caps
this arrangement must be kept confidential
this artist's favorite medium is pencil
this author writes pretentiously
this award-winning bridge spans a distance of five miles
this bag is hermetically sealed
this banefully poisoned climate
this benighted country
this bitter and sanguinary war
this blows!
this book is the final authority on the life of Milton
this book is, to put it baldly, an uneven work.
this book shows American letters at its best
this building is aesthetically very pleasing
this building is colloquially referred to as The Barn
this building is ugly, but architecturally interesting
this bus goes through to New York
this business index is computed relative to the base year of 2005
this can be empirically tested
this can be experimentally determined
this can be expressed quantitatively
this cannot be airily explained to your children
this car consumes a lot of gas
this car could be just the ticket for a small family
this car is so flimsily constructed!
this car shifts manually
this cartridge has a powder charge of 50 grains
this child already speaks grammatically
this child speaks ungrammatically
this child was born illegitimately
this china breaks very easily
this coming Thursday
this company is the great white hope of the nuclear industry's waste management policy
this computer can perform a million flops per second
this consonant always occurs medially
this contract is not executable
this conversation is getting more and more unreal
this cost him dear
this could go on indefinitely
this curt summary is not meant to be ungracious
this cylinder measures 15 inches through
this decision was made administratively
this deformity and filthiness of sin
this dessert is a dream
this device drives the disks for the computer
this device permits detection of defects in the lungs
this discoloration qualitatively suggests that the substance is low in inorganic iron
this dish could use a touch of garlic
this door opens mechanically
this dress is sewn by hand
this drug can suppress the hemorrhage
this drug is benignly soporific
this essay argues so persuasively...
this exercise develops a classically shaped body
this factory floor is a showcase for automation and robotic equipment
this festival takes places biennially
this food is grown organically
this form of conflict is essential to Mann's writing
this function is ineptly left to a small voice
this garment retains its shape even after many washings
this girl, so intimate with nature
this gland manufactures a specific substance only
this government building is sumptuously appointed
this helplessly unworldly woman
this house is manageably small
this house is unattainably expensive
this illusion has been sedulously fostered
this immediately concerns your future
this internationally known writer was foully condemned by the Muslim fundamentalists
this is a dead town; nothing ever happens here
this is a didactically sound method
this is a harmlessly childish game
this is a lucidly written book
this is a nice place for a picnic
this is axiomatically given
this is ethically unacceptable
this is exactly what the composer had set down on paper
this is globally significant
this is historically interesting
this is primarily a question of economics
this is relativistically impossible
this is scientifically interesting
this is statistically impossible
this is still impracticably high
this is the best so far
this is the identical room we stayed in before
this is the one I ordered
this is vitally important
this is what I always imagined myself doing in the south of France, sitting idly, drinking coffee, watching the people
this job calls for the investment of some hard thinking
this kind of beak has become specialized in certain Galapagos finches
this kind of duplication is wasteful
this kind of fish dwells near the bottom of the ocean
this kind of infection generalizes throughout the immune system
this kind of life can prove disruptive and uncomfortable
this kind of tension is not good for my nerves
this kind of vein accompanies certain arteries
this land does not carry olives
this land was devoted to mining
this letter is worded ambiguously
this letter is written on behalf of my client
this little pig made his house out of straw
this lot should be treed so that the house will be shaded in summer
this machine functions only defectively
this man behaves anomalously
this man eats gluttonously!
this man is obscenely rich
this manager acts dictatorially toward his colleagues
this marathon would exhaust him unnecessarily
this matrix is idempotent
this may land you in jail
this may not insure success but it will represent a quantum leap from last summer
this may not validly be done
this medicine will act beneficially on you
this meeting was different from the earlier one
this memo was circulated interdepartmentally
this merchandise is returnable if you save the receipt
this merchandise is sold
this merger brought in lots of money
this method looks to significant wavings
this microorganism is a producer of disease
this military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby
this minute and perishable planet
this money had been queerly come by
this money was fraudulently obtained
this move will simplify our lives
this multiplication of cells is a natural correlate of growth
this muscle abducts
this must be examined critically
this naive simple creature with wide friendly eyes so eager to believe appearances
this nerve decussates the other
this new leader meanly threatens the deepest values of our society
this new music is certainly different but I don't really like it
this old nag is well broken in
this old tradition is irreversibly disappearing
this painting is a copy of the original
this painting was nothing more but an unexcitingly grey canvas with a few red speckles
this paper trail consisted mainly of electronically stored information
this paper was written jointly
this passage must be played andante
this passage should be played prestissimo
this passage should be played rallentando
this passage smells of plagiarism
this passionless girl was like an icicle in the sunshine
this past Thursday
this patient provides a typical example of the syndrome
this phenomenon is thermodynamically impossible
this pianist plays dynamically
this piano has a wonderful touch
this pitcher throws more strikes than balls
this plant roots quickly
this pleasant state of affairs had continued peacefully and uninterruptedly for many years
this poison is a thousand-fold more toxic
this prefix was subtracted when the word was borrowed from French
this problem has me completely stuck
this problem is a real bitch
this problem is arithmetically easy
this professor acts so priggishly--like a moderator with a gavel!
this program is intended as a reality check for CEOs
this project is his baby
this property is held inalienably
this proverbially bitter plant, wormwood
this proves beyond peradventure that he is innocent
this puzzle will exercise your mind
this re-created literalness
this receptiveness is the key feature in oestral behavior, enabling natural mating to occur
this recreant knight
this red line runs perpendicularly to the green line
this relative clause is used restrictively
this remark evoked sadness
this report is incomparable with the earlier ones because of different breakdowns of the data
this road is the same one we were on yesterday
this road is worse than the first one we took
this room has great possibilities
this room needs a woman's touch
this rule applies obligatorily
this rule is applied optionally
this satyric old man pursues young girls
this sea, whose gently awful stirrings seem to speak of some hidden soul beneath
this sesquipedalian way of saying one has no money
this shape is geometrically interesting
this shift occurs spontaneously
this shirt is not finished properly
this should be played glissando, please
this should cover everyone in the group
this situation created the inner dialectic of American history
this situation developed in response to events in Africa
this situation produces recognizable stress symptoms
this skyscraper is the solid materialization of his efforts
this smallest and most ethereal of birds
this snake swims through the soil where it lives
this sprain hurts like hell
this statement is interesting per se
this store sells only objets d'art
this storm is certainly a change for the worse
this story would be good cinema
this street lay uphill
this student works rather inaccurately and sloppily
this student writes illegibly
this stump will make a good picnic table
this style of shoe is in demand
this suave, culture-loving and luxuriantly good-looking M.P.represents the car-workers of Coventry
this substance is controlled
this sucks!
this sweater is an all-wool number
this task is perceptually very difficult
this terrestrial ball
this theory is altogether alone in its penetration of the problem
this theory is rather shakily supported by some obscure data
this thing has got to end
this time he succeeded
this tonic is guaranteed to give you more pep
this topic was popularly discussed
this tradition has left its mark indelibly upon the social, political, educational and industrial fabric of this country
this type of border display is used repetitively in advertising
this type of salt deliquesces easily
this unbuttoned and disrespectful age
this undertaking carries many dangers
this unfit horse lathers easily
this unpleasant situation isn't going to work itself out
this wall is disproportionately long
this was constitutionally ruled out
this was financially unattractive
this was gladly agreed to
this was strikingly demonstrated
this watercolor is unmistakably a synthesis of nature
this weight of evidence is something mystical and unanalyzable
this whole lively world
this will put the patient under
this work is obscurely written
this work was done rather sloppily
this would give black people the opportunity to live unhampered by racism
this would help a great deal
this writer ploddingly accumulates detail after detail
this writer strikes a chord with young women
this year's model has an improved clutch
this young girl has to share a room with her mother who lives promiscuously
thorough research
thoroughgoing research
thoroughly sibylline in most of his pronouncements
those are two names for the same thing
those children are a damn plague
those issues have no bearing on our situation
those long-ago dresses that swished along the floor
those nervous moments before takeoff
those rights and obligations are based on an unstated consensus
those sneakers are squeakers
those were the days
those who do not appreciate Kafka's work say his style is obscure
thou shalt have none other gods before me
thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image
though his associates were dishonest, he remained uncorrupted
though his methods are indirect they are not dishonest
though one of her shoulder straps had slipped down, she was perfectly decent by current standards
though past retirement age he is still active in his profession
though pressed into rugby under compulsion I began to enjoy the game
thought and the object consubstantiate
thought badly of him for his lack of concern
thought hard about it
thought of herself as alone and separated from the others
thought they were going to shoot us down on the spot
thousands mourned his passing
thousands of acres of marshland
thousands of classified documents have now been declassified
thousands of dolphins and porpoises and whales are killed as part of the by-catch each year
thousands of people disappeared and were killed during Argentina's dirty war in the late 1970s
thousands of people were killed in the war
thread a needle
thread dried cranberries
thread film
thread tape
threadbare rugs
threatened unspecified reprisals
three cars had jumped the rails
three chemicals combining into one solution
three chicks were raised to the free-flying stage
three feet wide
three hulking battleships
three nights later he collapsed
three of these brushes were approximately 120 feet apart and the fourth diametrically opposite to one of the three
three passengers were killed in the collision
three quarters of the Earth's surface is covered by water
three secretaries were downsized during the financial crisis
three several times
three years elapsed
three young men were busking in the plaza
three-fingered cartoon characters
three-fourths of a pound
three-headed Cerberus
three-ply cloth
three-ply cord
three-ply yarn
threw down the gauntlet
threw his extinct cigarette into the stream
threw the book aside
threw the machine's pinion out of gear
thrifty because they remember the great Depression
through dark unlighted (or unlit) streets
through the pitch-black woods
through the valley and beyond
through traffic
throw a frisbee
throw accusations at someone
throw the bum out
throw the car into reverse
throw the lever
throwaway children living on the streets
throwaway diapers
throwing a ball underarm
thrown silk is raw silk that has been twisted and doubled into yarn
thrust the money in the hands of the beggar
thudding bullets
thunderbolts quivered with elfin flares of heat lightning
thy slanders I forgive; and therewithal remit thy other forfeits
thyroid deficiency
thyroid personality
thyroidal uptake
thyroxine is 65% iodine
tick a mattress
tick off the items
tickets are $5 per head
tidal wave
tie a necktie
tie down the prisoners
tie up the boat
tie up the old newspapers and bring them to the recycling shed
tie-on labels
tied up in tattered brown paper
tier upon tier of huge casks
tight money
tight security
tight skirts
tight-fitting clothes
tighten the rules
tightly tucked blankets
tile the wall and the floor of the bathroom
till the soil
tilled land ready for seed
timber is virtually unobtainable in the islands
timbered walls
timbers should be treated with a preservative substance
time flies like an arrow
time for rest and refreshment by the pool
time hung heavy on their hands
time immemorial
time is endless
time is up
time marches on inexorably
time past
time proved him right
time stood still
time the clock
time-honored customs
time-honored institutions
timing and technique were immaculate
timorous little mouse
tinea corporis is a fungal infection of the nonhairy parts of the skin
tinkling bells
tinned foods are not very tasty
tinseled velvet
tiny feet
tiny isolated villages remote from centers of civilization
tip artichokes
tip the arrow with the small stone
tip the screen upward
tip-and-run assaults
tired mothers with crying babies
tired of the noise and smoke
tired travelers in wrinkled clothes
tissue textiles
titivate the child
titular dignitaries
titulary rights
to American soldiers, the hajji are the alien people from whom the enemy emerges
to a certain degree
to a certain extent she was right
to all intents and purposes the case is closed
to an eye like mine, a lidless watcher of the public weal
to ask at that particular time was the ultimate in bad taste
to avoid the yips he changed his style of putting
to be nominally but not actually independent
to be sure, he is no Einstein
to close one's eyes like a complaisant husband whose wife has taken a lover
to compliments inflated I've a withering reply
to create a notional world for oneself
to credit Lister with the first formulation of the basic principle of stratigraphy would be to bestow credit falsely
to everyone's surprise, parenthood reformed the man
to face a problem squarely
to gild refined gold
to have an inner resource against loneliness
to him the antonym of `gay' was `depressed'
to his rue, the error cost him the game
to honor fallen soldiers
to improve notional comprehension
to improve one's competitive position
to insure operational security the members of adjacent terrorist cells usually don't know each other or the identity of their leadership
to insure the continued success of the war
to make sourdough you need a starter
to mark plurality, one language may add an extra syllable to the word whereas another may simply change the vowel in the existing final syllable
to my immense gratification he arrived on time
to promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products
to prove subordination of perjury you must prove the perjury and also prove that the perjured statement was procured by the accused suborner who knew that it would be false
to put it shortly
to say `he spent the evening reading Shakespeare' is metonymic because it substitutes the author himself for the author's works
to say that something is `adequate enough' is a tautology
to say the same thing in other terms
to say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony
to start with a theory of unlimited freedom is to end up with unlimited despotism
to steal is to act badly
to succeed one must be adaptable
to the eighth grade but not beyond
to the last measure of human endurance
to the limit of his ability
to the man sleeping regularly in doorways homelessness is real
to the nth degree
to the utmost degree
to the victor belong the spoils of the enemy
to use `hand' for `worker' or `ten sail' for `ten ships' or `steel' for `sword' is to use a synecdochic figure of speech
toast bread
toast thickspread with jam
today almost every home has television
today computers calculate the ephemerides
today isn't any other day
today we have computers
today will be fair and warm
toe a nail
toe the line
together in that paradisal place
togetherness is the new wonder ingredient in marriage
toggle a bomb from an airplane
toiled through entangled growths of mesquite
toilet facilities
toiling coal miners in the black deeps
told her friend privily that she was planning to be married
told me just now
told me straight out
told the doctor about the funny sensations in her chest
tolerant of his opponent's opinions
tomorrow my dentist will fit me for a crown
tomorrow's world
tone a negative
tone a photographic image
tongue-in-cheek advice
tongued boards
tongued shoes
tongueless moccasins
tongues of flame licked at the walls
tonic harmony
tonic muscle contraction
tonight the haddock were shoaling massively in three hundred fathoms
tonight, I will update my operating system
tonsorial parlor
tonsorial work
tonsured monks
too acquiescent to challenge authority
too awkward with a needle to make her own clothes
too big
too big for his britches
too busy to eat lunch
too clear-eyed not to see what problems would follow
too clever to be sound
too embarrassed to say hello to his drunken father on the street
too facile a solution for so complex a problem
too frequent transplanting is not good for families
too gauche to leave the room when the conversation became intimate
too good-natured to resent a little criticism
too heartsick to fight back
too lazy to wash the dishes
too many clouds to see
too many items are out of stock
too many laws are a drag on the use of new land
too many unenforced laws can breed contempt for law
too many unexcused absences
too many voters still declare they are undecided
too modest to wear his medals
too moved to speak
too much indulgence spoils a child
too much of the writing seems to have been done on automatic pilot
too much power in the president's hands
too much sun is harmful to the skin
too nice about his food to take to camp cooking
too numb with fear to move
too obtuse to grasp the implications of his behavior
too often the narrative was interrupted by long word pictures
too often the significant episode deteriorates into sententious conversation
too pressing to permit of longer delay
too shocked and scared to move
too soft on the children
too tired to eat
too unmusical to care for concerts
too upset to say anything
too yellow to stand and fight
too yielding to make a stand against any encroachments
took a battery of achievement tests
took a dim view of things
took a flying glance at the book
took a grim view of the economy
took a hard look
took a hot drink with sedative properties before going to bed
took a late flight
took a long view of the geopolitical issues
took a postprandial walk
took a running jump
took a southerly course
took an occasional glass of wine
took an optimistic view
took an uncompromising stance in the peace talks
took an unequivocal position
took an unfair advantage
took dead aim
took different (or dissimilar) approaches to the problem
took different approaches to the problem
took early retirement
took her father's death badly
took his customary morning walk
took his matutinal walk
took his place
took his regular morning walk
took his repose by the swimming pool
took his whiskey neat
took insane risks behind the wheel
took long important strides in the direction of his office
took malicious pleasure in...watching me wince
took perverse satisfaction in foiling her plans
took refuge in lying
took the easy way out of his dilemma
took the in bus
took the initial step toward reconciliation
took the joke well
took the right road
took the tragic news well
took the unadvised measure of going public with the accusations
took up the gauntlet
top fermentation uses a yeast that ferments at higher temperatures than that used for bottom fermentation
top officials were forced out in the cabinet shakeup
top the evening with champagne
top trees and bushes
top-down programming
top-grade ore
topless waitresses
topographic maps
torn asunder
torn between love and hate
torn by conflicting loyalties
torn by religious dissensions
torn jeans received no acceptance at the country club
torpid frogs
torrential abuse
torrential adaptations seen in some aquatic forms
torrential applause
torrential erosion
torrential rains
torrid jazz bands
tortious acts
tortuous legal procedures
tortuous negotiations lasting for months
tortuously haggling over the price
toss me newspaper
toss the salad
tossed a live cigarette out the window
tossed a rousing political comment into the conversation
total eclipses are rare events
totalitarian theory and practice
totem poles are modern rather than prehistoric
totemic object
touched on it tangentially
touched the ornaments with uncertain fingers
tough street gangs
toughly vigorous story-telling
toungued lightning
tourism was their economic salvation
tourist offices of divers nationalities
tourists descend in busloads...so the whole place is rather touristy
tourists rolled in from the neighboring countryside
towel your hair dry
towering icebergs
toy with an idea
trace a design
trace a pattern
trace major population movements for the Pueblo groups in particular
trace one's ancestry
trace the outline of a figure in the sand
trace the student's progress
trace your path
track a missile
track mud into the house
tracked vehicles
trackless wilderness
tractable young minds
trade fair
trade in an old car for a new one
trademarked goods
traditional aesthetics assumed the existence of universal and timeless criteria of artistic value
traditional history
traditional morality
traditionally, we eat fried foods on Hanukah
traffic congestion
traffic drugs
traffic on the internet is lightest during the night
traffic was slowed by curious rubberneckers
tragic hero
tragically, she contracted AIDS
train of mourners
train the dog to retrieve
train the vine
trained pigeons
training is a necessary preliminary to employment
trains ran with admirable precision
tramontane influences
tramontane winds
tramp down the grass
trample the flowers
trampled the beans underfoot
tranquil life in the country
tranquilly she went on with her work
transact with foreign governments
transatlantic flight
transcendental motives for sublunary actions
transcontinental railway
transcontinental travelers
transcription errors are of decisive importance in stemmatics
transdermal estrogen
transdermal scopolamine is used to treat motion sickness
transfer the data
transfer the packet from his trouser pockets to a pocket in his jacket
transfer the patient to another hospital
transform energy to light
transfuse love of music into the students
transient laborers
translocations can result in serious congenital disorders
translucent amber
transmissible tradition
transmit a message
transmit the news
transnational terrorist networks
transoceanic crossing
transparent chiffon
transparent crystal
transpiring gas
transplacental passage of nutrients
transpolar air routes
transposed letters
transubstantiate one element into another
transversal vibrations
transverse colon
trash these old chairs
trashy merchandise
travel allowance
travel the oceans
travel-soiled clothes
traveled around in Asia
travelers marooned by the blizzard
traveling at a rattling rate
treacherous intrigues
treacherous winding roads
tread grapes to make wine
treat an oil spill
treat the lawn with chemicals
treat the water so it can be drunk
treated fabrics resist wrinkling
treated his parents badly
treated natives as subhuman
treated timbers resist rot
treated with royal acclaim
tree limbs burdened with ice
tree lined streets
trees bent under the fierce winds
trees heavy with fruit
trees line the riverbank
trees were sparse
trees with columned trunks
trees with columniform trunks
trees with rough bark
trees with straight unbent trunks make the best lumber
trembling hands
tremendous sweeping plains
trench the fallen soldiers
trench the fields
trench the vegetables
trenchant criticism
trenchant distinctions between right and wrong
trendy clothes
trendy ideas
trespassing hunters
triangles tessellate
triangulate the angle
triangulate the piece of cardboard
tribal customs
trice a window shade
trichromatic staining is the staining of tissue samples differentially in three colors
trichromatic vision
tricked-out cupboards looking like Georgian cabinets
tricky Dick
triclinic system
tricolor plumage
tricuspid molar
tricuspid valve
tried not to speak ill of the dead
tried to explain away the affair of the letter
tried to explain to her uncomprehending husband
tried to give away unwanted kittens
tried to outrun the following footsteps
tried to push through the matted undergrowth
tried to speak with bloodless lips
trifid petals
trigger a reaction
trigonometric function
trilateral talks
trilingual speakers
trilling songs with a lightsome heart
trim a shop window
trim an airplane
trim lumber
trim my beard
trim the christmas tree
trim the photograph
triple time has three beats per measure
triple-valued
triplex windows
triplicate the letter for the committee
tripped over a pile of magazines
tripped when he stepped backward
trisect a line
tritely expressed emotions
trivially motivated requests
trochaic dactyl
troops accoutered for battle
troops advancing in waves
troops are building up on the Iraqi border
troops fleeing in broken ranks
troops landing on far-off shores
troops meanly equipped
trophoblastic cancer
tropical fruit
tropical islands
tropical weather
tropical year
troubled areas
troubled by the worsened economic conditions
troubled teenagers
trousers with tapered legs
truant schoolboys
truck fresh vegetables across the mountains
true believers bonded together against all who disagreed with them
true courage
true grief
true hackers subscribe to a code of ethics and look down upon crackers
true in fact and theory
true mannish arrogance
true memorability of phrase
true north is geographic north
true up the cylinder of an engine
true, she is the smartest in her class
true-to-life duck decoys
trump up charges
trumped-up charges
trumpet-shaped flowers
truncate a series
truncate a word
truncated volcanic mountains
truss the roofs
trussed bridges
trust in the Lord...and verily thou shalt be fed
trust magnates who felt themselves superior to law
trustworthy public servants
try the yak butter
try to breathe evenly
try to cultivate a less brusque manner
trying to appear unimpressed
trying to bring children up in cramped high-rise apartments
trying to drive through a blizzard is the height of folly
trying to keep back the panic-stricken crowd
trying to lose excess weight
trying to sound offhanded and reassuring
tubal ligation
tubal pregnancy
tubercular leprosy
tubercular meningitis
tuberculoid leprosy
tuberculoid lesions
tuberculous patients
tuck in the sheet
tuck the fabric
tuck your shirttail in
tufted duck
tufted loosestrife
tuition and room and board were more than $25,000
tulips are scapose flowers
tumescent tissue
tumid political prose
tune the engine
turbulent rapids
turn a key
turn a page of a book
turn a somersault
turn about is fair play
turn aside
turn away one's face
turn cartwheels
turn down the volume of a radio
turn here
turn off at the parking area
turn on the stereo
turn on the waterworks
turn out the lights
turn over on your left side
turn over the pancakes
turn over the soil for aeration
turn sharp left here
turn the car around
turn the clay on the wheel
turn the corner
turn the dial to 10
turn the earth in the Spring
turn the figure sideward
turn the flour onto a plate
turn the heat down
turn the legs of the table
turn the lights on
turn up your collar
turn your dance partner around
turn your face to the wall
turn your palm this way
turned red from exertion
turned sideways to show the profile
turning his back on me was a deliberate insult
tusk an elephant
tutelary gods
tutorial sessions
tuxedo-attired gentlemen
tweeze facial hair
twenty watchful, weary, tedious nights
twin crystals
twine a rope
twinges of conscience
twinkling stars
twist one's head
twist the dough into a braid
twisted into monstrous shapes
two animals of one species
two bitterly opposed schools of thought
two boxes having the same dimensions
two coats of arms borne quarterly
two coherent sheets
two congenial spirits united...by mutual confidence and reciprocal virtues
two constituents of a musical composition are melody and harmony
two days later they left
two down in the bottom of the ninth
two drunken gentlemen holding each other up
two executive hopefuls joined the firm
two expressions are coreferent if they denote the same object or individual
two factors had a decisive influence
two girls of the same age
two hours after that
two houses with a tree between
two infantry divisions were held in reserve
two men stood sentry duty
two minute whiplike threads of protoplasm
two old ladies, neatly hatted and gloved
two or more parhelia are usually seen at once
two policemen were foully murdered
two runners started before the gun
two shared valence electrons forming a bond between adjacent nuclei
two streams of development run through American history
two subjects on which he was eminently qualified to make an original contribution
two unexceptionable witnesses
two unreconciled accountings
two years ago
two-career families are no longer unusual
two-way streets
two-way traffic
type the acceptance letter, please
typhus fever results therefrom
typical teenage behavior
tyrannical government
tyrannous disregard of human rights
ugly black clouds
ugly crimes
ugly furniture
ulcerative colitis
ultimately he had to give in
ultraviolet radiation
umbilical cord
umbrageous at the loss of their territory
umbrella insurance coverage
unabashedly, he asked for more
unable to get to town without a car
unable to obtain funds
unaccustomed to wearing suits
unacquainted with city ways
unadulterated maple syrup
unalloyed metal
unalloyed pleasure
unalterable resolve
unanalyzed data
unanticipated and disconcerting lines of development
unappreciative of nature's bounty
unarmed peasants were shot down
unarmed vehicles
unasked-for advice
unassertively, she always follows her husband's suggestions
unassigned personnel
unassuming to a fault, skeptical about the value of his work
unasterisked items
unattended women
unawakened emotions
unaware of the danger they were in
unaware of the newborn hope
unbeknownst to me, she made all the arrangements
unbelt your trousers
unbelted jackets are in this season
unbend a bow
unbend the mind from absorbing too much information
unbind the feet of this poor woman
unbleached blonde hair
unbolt the door
unborn generations
unbounded enthusiasm
unbox the presents
unbraid my hair
unbranded cattle
unbreakable plastic dinnerwear
unbridgeable generation gap
unbridled rage
unbroken colts
unbroken land
unbroken promises
unburden the donkey
unburdened by an overarching theory
unbutton the shirt
uncalled-for suggestions
uncannily human robots
uncensored news reports
unceremonious dismissal from office
uncertain of his convictions
unchallengeable facts
uncharted seas
unchaste conduct
unchivalrously, the husbands who had to provide such innocent indulgences eventually began to count the costs
uncial letters
unclaimed luggage
unclean meat
uncleared land
unclipped hair
unclipped rosebushes
unclothe your heart of envy
uncoated paper
uncollected garbage in the streets
uncommon birds
uncomplaining courage
uncompromising honesty
unconditional surrender
unconfessed sins
unconfirmed rumors
unconscionable spending
unconsidered words
unconsolidated soil
uncontested authority
uncontrollable children
uncontrollable laughter
uncontrollable pain
uncontrolled growth
unconventional life styles
uncoordinated scheduling often resulted in conflicting games
uncork his anger
uncork the French wine
uncorrected astigmatism
uncorrupted English
uncorrupted values
uncouple the hounds
uncouthly, he told stories that made everybody at the table wince
uncover your belly
uncrate the glassed carefully!
uncreased trousers
uncropped soil
uncrowned teeth badly in need of attention
uncrystallized ideas
uncultivated land
uncured pelts
uncut grass
undaunted in the face of death
undecided voters
undefeated in battle
undefined authority
undemocratically, he made all the important decisions without his colleagues
undeniable guilt
undenominational religious instruction
under Genghis Khan Tartary extended as far east as the Pacific Ocean
under Islamic law there is no separation of church and state
under Roman law addiction was the justification for slavery
under a cloudless sky
under a covering of dust
under control
under cover of darkness
under peculiarly tragic circumstances
under segregation there were even white restrooms and white drinking fountains
under simulated combat conditions
under the Gemini program each crew had two astronauts
under the Mercury program each flight had one astronaut
under the circumstances I cannot buy the house
under the guise of friendship he betrayed them
under the head of minor Roman poets
under the suzerainty of...
under the umbrella of capitalism
under the yoke of a tyrant
under this contract the deliverables include both software and hardware
under wicked fire from the enemy's guns
underclass mothers and children
undercut a vein of ore
undergird the ship
undergo a strange sensation
undergraduates are better taught tutorially
underground caverns
underground resistance
underhung sliding doors
underlay the boards with joists
underlay the plate
underlying principles
underneath the radical image teenagers are surprisingly conformist
underrun the cable for repair
undershot bulldog
understanding affine transformations requires considerable mathematical sophistication
understanding protein folding is the next step in deciphering the genetic code
undertook the project late in her career
undescended testicles have an increased risk for cancer
undesirable impurities in steel
undeveloped social awareness
undeviating loyalty
undiagnosed disease
undigested food
undiluted milk
undimmed headlights
undischarged ammunition
undischarged debts
undisciplined behavior
undisciplined talent
undiscovered islands
undisguised bare-knuckle capitalism
undisguised curiosity
undissolved sugar in the bottom of the cup
undivided affection
undivided responsibility
undo the parcel
undo the shoelace
undock the ship
undocumented aliens
undocumented tax deductions
undoubtedly the grimmest part of him was his iron claw
undraped windows
undressed granite
undressed hides
undue influence
undyed cotton
unearned income
unearthly love
uneasy about his health
uneasy lies the head that wears the crown
uneconomical ebb and flow of power
uneducated children
unembellished white walls
unemployed workers marched on the capital
unemployment dominated the politics of the inter-war years
unemployment fell during the last quarter
unemployment is a serious social evil
unemployment reached dangerous proportions
unenclosed common land
unendowed with genius
unenforceable reforms
unenthusiastic applause
unenviable notoriety
unequal to the demands put upon him
unequipped for jobs in a modern technological society
unequivocal evidence
unethical business practices
unethical practices in handling public funds
uneven ground
uneven margins
uneven spacing
unexpansive bodies
unexpected guests
unexpected news
unexpended funds
unexpended provisions
unexploded bomblets known in Laos as `bombies' caused farmers to fear cultivating their fields
unfailing good spirits
unfailing loyalty
unfashionable clothes
unfasten your belt
unfastened seatbelts
unfastidious in her dress
unfavorable comments
unfavorable conditions
unfavorable impression
unfavorable winds
unfeeling trees
unfeelingly, she required her maid to work on Christmas Day
unfinished business
unfinished furniture
unfirm earth
unfit for human consumption
unfixed as were her general notions of what men ought to be
unflagging courtesy
unflagging pursuit of excellence
unflappable in a crisis
unforeseeable consequences
unforeseen circumstances
unforested lands
unforgivingly, he insisted that she pay her debt to the last penny
unformed clay
unfortunate investments
unfortunately it rained all day
unfortunately some writers have used bar for one dyne per square centimeter
unfortunately the statement was simply untrue
unfounded suspicions
unframed pictures
unfrosted light bulbs
unfrozen ground
unfulfilled and uneasy men
unfurl a banner
unfurrowed cheeks
unglazed paper
ungodly acts
ungoverned rage
ungoverned youth
ungracious behavior
ungraded papers piled high
ungrateful heirs
ungroomed hair
ungrudging admiration
unguiculate animals
unguided missiles
unhampered dissemination of news
unhappy caravans, straggling afoot through swamps and canebrakes
unhappy over her departure
unhappy with her raise
unharness a horse
unheaded sections
unhealthful air pollution
unhealthful conditions in old apartments with peeling lead-based paint
unhealthy ulcers
unhinge the door
unholy grimaces
uniformed policemen lined the President's route
unilateral paralysis
unimaginative development of a musical theme
unimproved dirt roads
unimproved woodlands
uninflected words
uninhibited exuberance
uninspired writing
unintelligible speech
uninvited advances
uninvited guests
uninvited thoughts
union negotiations
unionized workers
unions...have never been as bloody-minded about demarcation as the shipbuilders
uniquely representable in the form...
unitize a car body
units of nucleic acids
universal chuck
universal experience
universal screwdriver
universal wrench
universities recognized the enormity of their task
universities...the seats of propulsive thought
unjust punishment
unkindly ancts
unlabeled luggage is liable to be lost
unlaced behavior in the neighborhood pub
unlash the horse
unlawful hunters
unlawful love
unlawful measures
unlawful money
unlawful to carry hunting rifles afield until the season opens
unleaded gasoline
unlearned and commonsensical countryfolk were capable of solving problems that beset the more sophisticated
unleash one's anger
unleash the dogs in the park
unleavened bread
unleavened bread is often simply flour mixed with water
unlicensed dogs will be taken to the pound
unlike champerty, criminal maintenance does not necessarily involve personal profit
unlivable substandard housing
unload the cargo
unload the truck
unlock the door
unloose your sneakers
unmalted barley
unmarked cards
unmarried life
unmarried men and women
unmask the imposter
unmeasurable reaches of outer space
unmeasured prose
unmentionable words
unmerited treatment of a potentially fine subject
unmilitary circles of government
unmitigated suffering
unnecessarily personalized remarks
unobjectionable behavior
unoccupied areas of France
unoccupied hours
unofficially, he serves as the treasurer
unopened Christmas presents
unopposed military forces
unorganized territories lack a formal government
unoriented until she looked at the map
unostentatious elegance
unpack the presents
unpackaged nuts
unpaid extras in the documentary
unpaid wages
unpainted furniture
unpaired socks
unpalatable behavior
unpalatable truths
unparalleled athletic ability
unpardonable behavior
unpatented inventions
unpatriotically he contrived a way of avoiding military service
unpaved rural roads
unpeaceful times
unpierced ears
unplanned remarks
unpleasant odors
unpleasant repercussions
unplowed fields
unplug the hair dryer after using it
unplumbed depths of the sea
unpolished buttons glinted dully
unpolluted streams
unpopular ideas
unposed photographs
unprepared remarks
unpreventable hysteria
unpriestly behavior
unprintable pictures
unprocessed commodities
unprofessional repairs
unproved allegations
unproved assumptions
unprovoked and dastardly attack
unpublished letters and diaries
unquenchable thirst
unquestionable authority
unquiet days of riots
unratable properties
unravel the thread
unreal propaganda serving as news
unrealistic expectations
unrealized dreams and ambitions
unreasonable demands
unreasoning panic
unreel the tape
unrefined ore
unregenerate conservatism
unregenerate human nature
unregistered dairy cattle
unregulated off-shore fishing
unrehearsed and unscript spot interviews
unrelieved suffering
unremedied errors
unremitting demands of hunger
unreported results
unrepressed hostilities
unrequited (unanswered) love
unreserved behavior
unresolvable confusion
unrestrained laughter
unrestricted verbs are usually stronger than those qualified by adverbs
unripe fruit
unrivaled mastery of her art
unrouged lips
unruffled water
unruly teenagers
unsanctioned use of company cars
unsanitary open sewers
unsaponified fat
unsaturated fats
unscrew the bottle cap
unscrew the outlet plate
unscripted talk shows
unscrupulous politicos who would be happy to sell...their country in order to gain power
unsealed goods
unseasonable bright blue weather in November
unseasoned artillery volunteers
unseasoned timber
unseemly to use profanity
unseen forces at work
unseen natural resources
unseen problems
unsegmented worms
unselective in her reading habits; her choices seemed completely random
unsentimentally, she threw out her dead son's toys
unserviceable equipment may be replaced
unsettled territory
unsettled weather with rain and hail and sunshine coming one right after the other
unshaded drawings resembling cartoons
unshaped dough
unshaped timbers
unsheared beaver
unsheathed cables
unshorn sheep
unshuttered windows
unsightly billboards
unsized gloves; one size fits all
unsized paper
unskilled in the art of rhetoric
unskilled labor
unskilled workmanship
unsmilingly, he greeted his in-laws
unsociable behavior
unsoldierly posture
unsolicited junk mail
unsound banking practices
unsound teeth
unsparing generosity
unspeakable happiness
unspoken grief
unstable political conditions
unstaple the piece of paper from the receipt
unstatesmanlike procedure
unstilted conversation
unstring my guitar
unstructured inkblots
unsung heroes of the war
unsupported accusations
unsuppressed feelings
unsuppressed rage
unsure of himself and his future
unsurpassable skill
unsurpassable standards of workmanship
unsusceptibility to rust
unsuspected difficulties arose
unsuspected turnings in the road
unsuspecting (or unaware) of the fact that I would one day be their leader
unswayed by personal considerations
unswept floors
unswerving allegiance
unswerving devotion
unsworn testimony
unsympathetic officialdom
unsystematic and fragmentary records
untapped reserves of coal
untaught people whose verbal skills are grossly deficient
untempered mortar
untempered steel
untempting food
untended children
untended garden was soon overgrown with weeds
untested theory
untidy and casual about money
untie the knot
until 1980 Kaposi's sarcoma occurred almost exclusively with Jewish or Italian or black men
until then, front line troops will be supplied by airdrop
untilled land
untipped cigarettes
untitled civilians
untold suffering
untouchable resources buried deep within the earth
untouched by the pruner's axe
untrained troops
untranslatable art
untraveled roads
untroubled sleep
untroubled times
untufted ears
untwine the strings
unusually generous in his judgment of people
unutterable consonant clusters
unutterable contempt
unveil a painting
unvitrified pottery
unvoiced consonants such as `p' and `k' and `s'
unwarmed rolls
unwarranted jealousy
unwarranted limitations of personal freedom
unwavering loyalty
unwed mother
unwelcome interruptions
unwelcome publicity
unwelcome visitors
unwholesome food
unwholesome habits like smoking
unwieldy rules and regulations
unwilling to face facts
unwind a ball of yarn
unworthy of forgiveness
unwrap the evidence in the murder case
unyoke the cow
unzip the bag
up a lazy river
up and about
up by seven each morning
up on the news
up the ante
up to Canada for a vacation
up to no good
up to some funny business
up to their necks in debt
upbound shipping lanes
upcountry districts
upend the box and empty the contents
upon the hill stood a single tower
upon the restitution of the book to its rightful owner the child was given a tongue lashing
upon those roseate lips a Stygian hue
upon your decease the capital will pass to your grandchildren
upper-level management
uppercase letters; X and Y and Z etc
uproarious stories
uproot the vine that has spread all over the garden
uprooters of gravestones
uptown residential areas
upwardly mobile
urban affairs
urban development
urban manners
urban problems such as traffic congestion and smog
urban property owners
urban sociology
urbanization in Spain is distinctly correlated with a fall in reproductive rate
uric acid
urine passes out of the kidney through ureters to the bladder
usable byproducts
use care when going down the stairs
use concise military verbiage
use the plastic bags to store the food
use your common sense
use your head!
use your noddle
used English terms instead of Latin ones
used all the resources at his disposal
used decoratively at Christmas
used devious means to achieve success
used foul means to gain power
used her parents' influence to get the job
used many strange words
used plagiarized data in his thesis
used the carrot of subsidized housing for the workers to get their vote
used unfair methods
useful teaching materials
user-friendly computers
user-unfriendly
using their Christian names in a casual way
usually she was late
usurious interest rate
uterine cancer
utilitarian steel tables
utmost contempt
utopian idealists
utter counterfeit currency
utter nonsense
utter seriousness
uttered a few halting words of sorrow
utterly miserable
vacate a death sentence
vaccines are prophylactic
vacuous comments
vacuum the carpets
vagile aquatic animals
vaginal suppository
vagrant hippies of the sixties
vague feelings of sadness
vague...forms of speech...have so long passed for mysteries of science
vain about her clothes
valedictory praise for his uniformly manly course
validate a ticket
valium has a tranquilizing effect
valuable centrally located urban land
value the jewelry and art work in the estate
vamp up an excuse for not attending the meeting
vamp up an old speech
vandalize the park
vanished civilizations
vapid beer
vapid tea
vaporous clouds
vaporous silks
variable expenses
variable filters in front of the mercury xenon lights
variable winds
variation in the ascertained flux depends on a number of factors
variations on pre-existent musical themes
varicose veins
varied ethnic traditions of the immigrants
varied motives prompt people to join a political party
varieties are frequently recognized in botany
various aural effects that precede a migraine headache
various experiments have failed to disprove the theory
various immunotherapeutic techniques have been employed with AIDS patients
vascular constriction
vast cavernous chambers hollowed out of limestone
vast fields of wheat grow on Saskatchewan's prairies
vast unexploited (or undeveloped) natural resources
vast unpopulated plains
vaudeville...waged an uneven battle against the church
vaulting ambition
veal bathed in a rich creamy sauce
vegetable grindings clogged the drain
vegetable origins
vegetational cover
vegetative functions such as digestion or growth or circulation
vehement clapping
vehement deluges of rain
vehement dislike
vehicular traffic
veiled insults
veiled sounds
veiled threats
velcro the belt
velvet-draped windows
veneer the furniture to protect it
venereal disease
venial sin
venomed remarks
venomous criticism
venomous snakes
venous blood as contrasted with arterial blood
venous circulation
venous inflammation
ventral (or pelvic) fins correspond to the hind limbs of a quadruped
verbal ability
verbal adjectives like `running' in `hot and cold running water'
verbal aptitude
verbal imagery
verbally expressive
verbose and ineffective instructional methods
verify a claim
vermicular (or vermiculated) stonework
vernacular speakers
versatile moods
vertical social mobility
very close (or near) with his money
very imprudent of her mother to encourage her in such silly romantic ideas
very little income is unreportable
very little unclaimed and untenanted land
very particular about how her food was prepared
very pretty but not so extraordinarily handsome
very sniffy about breaches of etiquette
very soon you will know differently
very touched by the stranger's kindness
very unpresidential behavior
vesiculate an organ
vestal virgin
veteran steadiness
vex the subject of the death penalty
viable seeds
viatical business
viatical companies
vibrionic dysentery
vicarious atonement
vicarious menstruation
vice offends the moral standards of the community
vicious gossip
vicious irreclaimable boys
vicious kicks
vide infra
view a problem
view a show on television
view an exhibition
view as important
viewing subaqueous fauna from a glass-bottomed boat
views discordant with present-day ideas
vigilance is especially susceptible to fatigue
vigilant and distrustful superintendence
vigorous opposition to the war
vigorous worrying finally loosened the saw
villagers shun the area believing it to be cursed
vindicate a claim
vindicate the rights of the citizens
vines weighed down with grapes
vinify grape juice
vinyl siding has become the standard-bearer for cheap, insubstantial construction
violate my privacy
violate the basic laws or human civilization
violate the sanctity of the church
violative of the principles of liberty
violence is the rule not the exception
violent feelings
violent passions
violet valleys and the sunstruck ridges
violets in woodsy shady spots
viral infection
viremia spread the smallpox virus to the internal organs
virgin wool
virginal white dresses
virological research
virtual reality
virtually all the parties signed the contract
virtually moneyless rural regions
virtue is its own reward
virtue is of more moment than security
virtue is tangibly rewarded
viruses and other infective agents
visceral bleeding
visible files
visible resources
visible stars
visible to the naked eye
visionary schemes for getting rich
visual aids in teaching
visual defects
visual navigation
visual powers
visually distorted
vital for a healthy society
vital organs
vital signs
vitaminized processed foods
vitreous rocks
vitreous silica
vivid green
vocal organs
vocal technique
vocalic segments
vocalic sounds
vocational school
vocational students learning to repair a motor
vocationally trained
vocative verb endings
vodka is an unaged liquor from Russia
voguish terminology
voiced consonants such as `b' and `g' and `z'
voiceless whispers
voiceprints are uniquely characteristic of individual speakers
void a plea
voidable contracts
volatile emotions
volatile oils
volatile solvents
volatile stocks
volcanic activity
volcanic islands such as Iceland
volcanic rock includes the volcanic glass obsidian
volcanic steam
volcanically created landscape
volley a string of curses
volley the tennis ball
voltage peak
volumes of the best plays, unexpurgated
volumetric analysis
voluntary generosity in times of disaster
voluntary manslaughter
voluntary motions
voluntary muscles
voluntary social workers
voracious sharks
vote one's conscience
vote the Democratic ticket
voted for unionization to a man
votes weighted according to the size of constituencies
voting patterns within the white population
votive prayers
vulcanize rubber
vulcanized rubber
vulnerable parts of the body
vulnerable to bribery
vulpine cunning
vultures usually feed on carrion or roadkill
wad paper into the box
wafer-thin sheets of metal
wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace
wages were paid by check
wages were pitifully low, particularly the wages of women
waifs of the picaresque tradition
wail in self-pity
wailful bagpipes
wailing mourners
waist-deep
wait just a moment
wait till I get my hooks on him
wait till the cows come home
waited around for the next flight
waited until the last minute
waiting cars and limousines lined the curb
waiting gave him a feeling of restlessness
wakefulness, watchfulness, and bellicosity make a good hunter
walk in sadness
walk-in closets
walked with a jaunty step
walked with a light tripping step
walked with a marked limp
walked with a prideful swagger
walking at the same measured pace
walking distance
walking is a healthy form of exercise
walking was difficult on the irregular cobblestoned surface
walks about in his stockinged feet
wallow in your sorrows
wallow in your success!
walls marred by graffiti
wandered wide through many lands
wandering about with no place to go
wandering tribes
want courtesy
want nothing from you but to get away from your uncivil tongue
want the strength to go on living
wanted a maxi-length coat
wanted a proper dinner, not just a snack
wanted to get away from there
wanted to write the story anew
wanton behavior
wanton one's money away
war is beyond all words horrible
war is hell
war left many cities destroyed
war that caught them in its toils either psychologically or physically
war was breaking out in Europe, but she unconcernedly planned for a holiday
war was declared in November but actual fighting did not begin until the following spring
warlike policies
warm in our tight little house
warm maternal affection for her guest
warm reds and yellows and orange
warm support
warm-clad skiers
warmly dressed
warned of possible consequences
warts and polyps can vegetate if not removed
was a big tipper
was a communicative person and quickly told all she knew
was able to keep the collection entire during his lifetime
was absolutely obsessed with the girl
was all in at the end of the day
was alone with her thoughts
was always uneasy with strangers
was ambivalent about having children
was appointed provisionally
was appreciative of his efforts
was aware of his opponent's hostility
was beforehand with her report
was behindhand with the rent
was big with child
was boorish and insensitive
was briefly associated with IBM
was buried with indecent haste
was censorious of petty failings
was censured for unprofessional conduct
was charitable in his opinions of others
was closely involved in monitoring daily progress
was cold to his advances
was comfortable in his religious beliefs
was completely at fault
was completely unregretful about what had happened
was concerned about the future
was confident he would win
was crazy to try his new bicycle
was dead tired
was declared brain dead
was declared insane
was dehydrated after the marathon
was discontented with his position
was easily confused
was embarrassed by her child's tantrums
was enthusiastic about taking ballet lessons
was entirely to blame
was fagged and sweaty
was first in her class
was forced to talk to his singularly unappealing hostess
was great with child
was habitually reserved in speech, withholding her opinion
was hot for her
was immensely more important to the project as a scientist than as an administrator
was in on the scheme
was indeed grateful
was indifferent to their acceptance or rejection of her invitation
was interested to hear about her family
was known for dealing aboveboard in everything
was longanimous in the face of suffering
was loved for her blithe spirit
was merciful only when mercy was expedient
was not in the least unfriendly
was now awake to the reality of his predicament
was now clear of the charge of cowardice
was obligated to pay off the student loan
was on sure ground
was patient with the children
was polite in a teasing nonchalant manner
was proud of his improved grades
was quick to make friends
was quick to respond
was quite a sudden change
was quite mistaken
was red-faced with anger
was sent down to work at the regional office
was seriously ill
was settled in a comfortable job, one for which he was well prepared
was sick and faint from hunger
was sloppy about everything but her physical appearance
was stupid from fatigue
was submissive and subservient
was sure (or certain) she had seen it
was terribly het up over the killing of the eagle
was the relief supposed to be protection from future harm or compensation for past injury?
was thunderstruck by the news of his promotion
was transferred up to headquarters
was unfeignedly glad to see his old teacher
was unhurried with the small children
was unresponsive to her passionate advances
was unworldly and did not greatly miss worldly rewards
was very hard to please
was very sure in his beliefs
was well aware of the difficulties ahead
wash away all the differences
washable woolens
washing dishes was a nuisance before we got a dish washer
washy coffee
washy colors
wasn't inclined to believe the excuse
wasps that make nests of papery material
waste a joke on an unappreciative audience
waste heat
waste liquors
waste not, want not
waste places
wasteful duplication of effort
watch a basketball game
watched her slight figure cross the street
watched the raining apple blossoms
watched with unconcealed curiosity
water and milk and blood are liquid substances
water as smooth as a mirror
water condenses
water down the mixture
water fit to drink
water flowing underground
water free of extraneous matter
water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit under normal conditions
water gushed forth
water is the critical deficiency in desert regions
water is the element of fishes
water is the lifeblood of India
water lilies are aquatic plants
water lilies are hydrophytic
water or electricity came on again after the earthquake
water slipped from the polished marble
water suitable for beneficial consumptive uses
water trickled onto the lawn from the broken hose
water was splashing on the floor
waterborne craft
waterborne freight
watery milk
watery soil
wavelength and frequency are, of course, related reciprocally
waves dabbled with moonlight
wax provided protection for the floors
wax the car
waxed floors
waxed mustache
waxen candles
way off base
way out front in the race
way over budget
wayward behavior
we accepted him on faith
we accepted the opportunity buoyantly
we accomplished nothing, simply because of the large number of people involved
we acquainted him with the melancholy truth
we age every day--what a depressing thought!
we agreed tentatively on a dinner date
we all had a good time
we all have individual cars
we all have our own idiosyncratic gestures
we all knew her as a big show-off
we always travel first class
we are absolutely opposed to the idea
we are all entitled to equal protection under the law
we are all...in close sympathy with...
we are animate beings
we are flying nonstop form New York to Tokyo
we are fresh out of tomatoes
we are friends of the family
we are going to stage `Othello'
we are gone geese
we are helpless in the face of destiny
we are in a transitional stage in which many former ideas must be revised or rejected
we are in accord with your proposal
we are lawfully wedded now
we are monitoring the air quality
we are necessarily bound for federalism in Europe
we are prepared today because of groundwork that was done ten years ago
we are rivaling for first place in the race
we are safely out of there
we are seeing this film too late to feel its original impact forcefully
we are set to go at any time
we are simply broke
we are spending $5,000 per capita annually for education in this district
we are still prodigally rich compared to others
we are told that man is endowed with reason and capable of distinguishing good from evil
we are truly sorry for the inconvenience
we are used to better service in this restaurant
we ate a la carte
we awoke late
we beat him good
we became mortgagors when the bank accepted our mortgage and loaned us the money to buy our new home
we began to steer away westerly
we benefited richly
we blamed our impeded progress on lack of money
we bought a car on the never-never
we bought an unused car for a change
we bought split logs for the fireplace
we bought the house for a song
we can build in a special clause to make the contract better for you
we can calculate the position of the particles probabilistically
we can ill afford to buy a new car just now
we can never have completely assured lives
we can prove trivially that this theorem is false
we can't do it unless we establish some system around here
we can't paint until they put on the finishing coat
we can't work because the computer is down
we cannot regard artistic invention as...uncaused and unrelated to the times
we changed the landscape for solving the problem of payroll inequity
we choose our students very selectively
we clinkered the fire frequently
we closed the door to Haitian immigrants
we collected over a million dollars in outstanding debts
we come from a far country
we congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal
we could see the original painting underneath
we could see the ship afar off
we couldn't pay for the damages with all our salaries put together
we couldn't see over the heads of the people in front
we cultivate the flower for its corolla
we decided offhand to go to Canada
we develop the leaders for the future
we did it all in black and white in a very funky sixties style
we did not meet again for some years
we did not understand his motivation
we didn't get to first base with that approach
we didn't swim at the beach because the red flag was up
we do not doubt that England has a faithful patriot in the Lord Chancellor
we don't garage our car
we don't want the likes of you around here
we drank thirstily from the bottle that was passed around
we dropped her astern on the end of a seven-inch manilla, and she laid comfortably on the ebb tide
we dropped the rock plump into the water
we drove along admiring the view
we drove here and there in the darkness
we eat lightly in the morning
we endeavor to make our customers happy
we enjoyed our round of the local bars
we enjoyed ourselves very much
we estimated the answer stochastically
we estimated the number of demonstrators conservatively at 200,000.
we export less than we import and have a negative trade balance
we faced an army of great strength
we faced redoubled attacks from the enemy
we feel concerned about accomplishing the task at hand
we fenced in our yard
we firmly believed it
we followed the bier to the graveyard
we gave them a set of dishes for a wedding present
we get many benefits in return for our taxes
we get two weeks of vacation every summer
we got a pay raise across the board
we got along famously
we got married, rather unromantically, in a dingy office in the town hall
we got rather clubby
we got through the pass before it started to snow
we got up before dawn
we graduated together
we had a good discussion
we had a good time at the party
we had a grand old time
we had a hard time getting here
we had a pleasant evening together
we had a word or two about it
we had an intense brainstorming session today
we had long anticipated his cadaverous end
we had no money so we had to live by barter
we had the last laugh after the votes were counted
we had to call a plumber to clear out the blockage in the drainpipe
we had to dress quickly
we had to live frugally after the war
we had to punish the dog for soiling the floor again
we had to punish this child in loco parentis
we had to scrub our vacation plans
we had to wait for the inspection before we could use the elevator
we had to wait forever and a day
we hardly knew them
we have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus
we have no bananas
we have no more bananas
we have nothing on for Friday night
we have several things in common
we have to advance clocks and watches when we travel eastward
we have to distance ourselves from these events in order to continue living
we have to do what is right confidently
we have too many things to do and must prioritize
we haven't heard from them to date
we heard the Vienna symphony
we heard the sound of marching
we hired her on the spot
we hold our big sale biannually
we hold these truths to be self-evident
we honor checks and drafts
we hope to get together at an early date
we insisted on the reinstatement of the colonel
we invited several young marrieds
we invited them ashore
we issue six volumes per annum
we kayaked down the river
we knew them well
we lamented the death of the child
we lamented the loss of benefits
we let our guard down
we like dimmed lights when we have dinner
we live an hour from the airport
we live in a cybernated age
we live in a litigious age
we live in an accumulative society
we live in an age of rootless alienated people
we live in different worlds
we live in vexed and troubled times
we lived on opposite sides of the street
we made inquiries of all those who were present
we made it to the party in time
we market these drugs generically
we may be facing a hydra that defies any easy solution
we may diligently observe the Lord's supper on the first day of the week, diligently preach the gospel, or minister to the saint
we may possibly run into them at the concert
we meet about once a month
we met at the Dean's tea for newcomers
we met in Singapore
we moved back from the encroaching tide
we moved south
we moved west to Arizona
we must act rationally
we must act responsibly
we must exploit the resources we are given wisely
we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex
we must instill a sense of duty in our children
we must keep our disappointment under
we must look at the facts objectively
we must meet the problem head-on
we must needs by objective
we must not let our civil liberties be subverted by the current crisis
we must secure the benefits of freedom for ourselves and our posterity
we must tackle these tasks boldly
we must talk man-to-man
we must work off the debt
we need a 4th hand for bridge
we need a matchup of the best teachers with the neediest schools
we need extra employees for summer fill-ins
we need more young blood in this organization
we need professional advice
we need to iron out our disagreements
we need water bad
we needed decisive leadership
we now rarely see horse-drawn vehicles on city streets
we numbered the papers consecutively
we often met over a cup of coffee
we only use Spanish at home
we paid back everything we had borrowed
we paused momentarily before proceeding
we pay the freight
we perceived the change only dimly
we quaffed a bumper of ale
we racked up a pathetic goose egg
we ran head over heels toward the shelter
we ran into each other by pure chance
we rarely met
we rarely turn on the air-conditioner
we received a notice to vacate the premises
we received an inundation of email
we recommenced his reading after a short nap
we refurbished the guest wing
we rehearsed frenziedly the last few days before the premiere
we resumed the interrupted discussion
we retraced the route we took last summer
we rode in the leading car
we sat on rocks in a shadowy cove
we sat up all night
we saved money by bareboating
we saw him on the way to California
we saw the actual wedding on television
we saw the distant hills hazily
we saw the ducks in flight
we saw the whole shebang
we searched hopefully for a good position
we searched the files thoroughly
we sent out planes to gather intelligence on their radar coverage
we sent them food and some clothing went along in the package
we served the apple pie a la mode
we set about towing the unwieldy structure into the shelter
we settled the problem conclusively
we shall consider these questions in the inverse order of their presentation
we shared many yesterdays
we should consider this problem from the viewpoint of the Russians
we should have news before long
we spent a pleasantly lazy afternoon
we spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent
we stayed in a dinky old hotel
we still have little money
we stood there agape with wonder
we stopped at Aunt Mary's house
we support the armed services in the name of national security
we swam two miles inshore
we talked for some time
we talked strictly business
we talked tete-a-tete
we think of God as immanent in nature
we thought Sue was older than Bill but just the reverse was true
we time the process to manufacture our cars very precisely
we took a 10-minute break
we took a quick circuit of the park
we took a short holiday in Puerto Rico
we took a turn in the park
we took on the whole caboodle
we took the north train
we traveled afar
we traveled second class
we travelled east for several miles
we tried to collect the money he owed us
we updated the database with the most recent figures
we voted unanimously
we walked at a smart pace
we want to build a democratic society, but we must act pragmatically
we was innocent of stratagems and polity
we watch the 7 o'clock news every night
we watched anxiously
we watched his grappling and wrestling with the bully
we watched the World Series on TV
we watched the late movie and then went to bed
we watched the stock market nervously
we went our separate ways
we went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles
we went to the movies together
we were at last able to buy a car
we were cheated by their clever-sounding scheme
we were clear of the danger
we were driven from pillar to post
we were driving around in the countryside on a fine Sunday morning
we were floating on air at the news
we were friends from then on
we were gathered together
we were given the use of his boat
we were hard put to meet the mortgage payment
we were just waiting for someone to take the lead
we were lucky to be safe when the floodheads hit
we were part of a caravan of almost a thousand camels
we were pretty much lost when we met the forest ranger
we were really pumped up for the race
we were short of cash, so we purchased our refrigerator on time
we were so far back in the theater, we could barely read the subtitles
we were sorely taxed to keep up with them
we were standing breast-high in the water
we were standing knee-deep in the water
we were struck dumb by the candidate's announcement
we were surprised by the extravagance of his description
we were sweltering at the beach
we were travelling coastwise
we were unable to get satisfaction from the local store
we were unprepared for the apparition that confronted us
we were visited at breakfast by a bevy of excited ducks
we were visiting a small, thickly walled and lovely town with straggling outskirt
we were walking around in the garden
we were young and thence optimistic
we will always be friends
we will arrive before then
we will base this project in the new lab
we will refer to the plane of the graph as the X-Y plane
we wined and dined in Paris
we won a chunk of money
we worked together on the project
we worked up an as of an appetite
we would appreciate input from our users on how we can improve our software
we would have understood the play better if there had been some initial exposition of the background
we'll adjourn here for lunch and discuss the remaining issues this afternoon
we'll get to this question in due course
we'll go to Tibet come hell or high water
we'll have dinner en famille
we'll save 100 man-hours per diem
we'll stop for the time being
we'll tolerate no Barbary Coast in this city!
we're almost finished
we're in the soup now
we're now quits
we've got to get that story into print
we've had quite an afternoon
we've just finished painting the walls, so don't touch them
we've known each other for ages
weak colors
weak tea
weakly agreed to a compromise
wealthy by inheritance but saving by constitution
wealthy corporations
weapons-grade anthrax
weapons-grade plutonium
weapons-grade salsa
wear one's hair in a certain way
wearable evening clothes
weariness overcame her after twelve hours and she fell asleep
wearing a tie was regarded as a badge of respectability
wearing someone's cast-off clothes
wearing unstylish clothes
wears only the latest style
weather conditions aloft are fine
weather-bound traffic
weatherproof electric wiring
wedding cake
weed the garden
weed-grown yard of an abandoned farmhouse
weeds grew rampantly around here
weeds lovely in their rankness
weedy plants that take over a garden
week by week, the betrayal gnawed at his heart
weekly paper
weigh heavily on the mind
weigh the good against the bad
weighed down with cares
weighs around a hundred pounds
weight loss
weighted eyelids
weighty problems
welcomed her pithy comments
welcomed the affiliation of the research center with the university
weld metal
well along in their research
well disposed to the good order and happiness of the United States
well regulated industries
well-cared-for children
well-defined features
well-designed houses
well-done beef
well-drilled in military procedures
well-educated
well-filled hours
well-founded suspicions
well-funded research
well-informed readers
well-knit athletes
well-known facts
well-leavened
well-marked roads
well-meaning but misguided teachers
well-meaning ineptitude that rises to empyreal absurdity
well-ordered work habits
well-read in medieval history
well-satisfied customers
well-stretched muscles are less susceptible to injury
well-supported allegations
well-thumbed pages of the dictionary
well-to-do members of the community
well-trained servants
well-traveled people
welt the shoes
welter in work
wend your way through the crowds
went about oddly garmented
went after the collaborators with a sanguinary fury that drenched the land with blood
went alone and unarmed
went deep into the woods
went direct to the office
went due North
went in the other direction
went off to school
went off with springless steps
went only three miles further
went shopping for a reliable plumber
went the furthest of all the children in her education
went through the unlatched gate into the street
went to bed supperless
went to considerable trouble for us
went upriver to look at a sure-enough fish wheel
were all asleep when the phone rang
were convinced that it would be to their advantage to join
were indefinite about their plans
were under the effect of the drugged sweets
westbound pioneers
western thought
westward headed wagons
wet mucky lowland
wet paint
wet sidewalks
wet weather
whang away at the school reform plan
whang the ball
wharf the passengers
what Whitehead calls `perception in the presentational immediacy'
what a bally (or blinking) nuisance
what a beautiful day
what a big little boy you are
what a boot!
what a cat she is!
what a cushy job!
what a dinky little hat
what a nasty little situation
what a nice fellow you are and we all thought you so nasty
what a revolting development!
what a rum fellow
what a sodding mess
what a strange sense of humor she has
what an irksome task the writing of long letters is
what an ungainly creature a giraffe is
what are our tasks for tomorrow?
what are the 4 factors of 6?
what are your feelings about the crisis?
what are your thoughts on Haiti?
what arouses the indignation of the honest satirist is not the fact that people in positions of power or influence behave idiotically
what attracts the most attention?
what do his words intend?
what do we have here?
what gives?
what happens when an irresistible force meets an immovable object?
what have you been up to?
what he did was beyond the bounds of acceptable behavior
what he disliked about teaching was all the grading he had to do
what he said was funny but unquotable
what he said was mostly bull
what he said was not repeatable in polite company
what is certain is that every effect must have a cause
what is morally wrong can never be politically right
what is more, there's no sign of a change
what is singular about his use of them is that no other artist, of his time or any other, has painted them so directly, intimately and pertinently
what is so rare as a day in June
what is the closest neighbor to the Earth?
what is the correlation between those two variables?
what is the date today?
what is the meaning of this sentence
what is the origin of the outwardness of our sensations of sound, smell, or taste
what is the point of discussing it?
what is the trouble?
what is the yardage of this golf course?
what is yon place?
what is your role on the team?
what kinds of desserts are there?
what level is the office on?
what make of car is that?
what maladies afflict our nation?
what manner of man are you?
what on earth are you doing?
what one found uncertain the other found dubious or downright false
what option did I have?
what others think is altogether indifferent to him
what position does he play?
what price glory?
what seemed corporal melted as breath into the wind
what seemed to be paranormal manifestations
what some people take for rudeness is really straightforwardness
what sort of person is he?
what suit is trumps?
what the devil
what they are asking for gas these days is highway robbery
what took you so fucking long?
what type of sculpture do you prefer?
what was responsible for the disappearance of the rainforest?
what was the date of submission of your proposal?
what was your score on your homework?
what will you do when you finish school?
what's his legal residence?
what's so special about the year 2000?
what's the good of worrying?
what's the problem?
what's the right word for this?
whatever it was he didn't like it and he was going to let them know by making as loud a noise as he could
whatever my fortune may be
whatever of transmundane...insight...we may carry
whatever the evenings be--frosty and frore or warm and wet
whatever the flavor or color of your local paper, do remember that these are read avidly for local information
wheat is a grain that is grown in Kansas
wheat is a staple crop
wheat is the stuff they use to make bread
wheaten bread
wheelless societies
wheels in axial rotation
wheezed weakly
when Adonis died Zeus decreed that he should spend winters in the underworld with Persephone and spend summers with Aphrodite
when Congress investigates it brings the full glare of publicity to the agency
when England defeated Pakistan it ended a ten-year drought
when Felix first saw a garter snake
when Ghandi was asked what he thought of Western civilization he said he thought it would be a good idea
when I demanded my money he showed me the joker in the contract
when I give the word, charge!
when I make a mistake it's a beaut
when I regift I hope the person likes the gift better than I do
when I told him about Russ I found it difficult to speak impersonally
when Roger Maris powered four home runs in one game his performance merits awe
when `three blind mice' serves as a noun it is an endocentric construction
when `until last Easter' serves as an adverb it is an exocentric construction
when a match is found an entry is made in the notebook
when a phage infects a bacterium it can either destroy its host or be incorporated in the host genome in a state of lysogeny
when a student made a stupid mistake he spared them no abuse
when an audience is responding to a play they are identifying what they have in common with the human beings on stage
when antibiotics were first discovered they were called wonder drugs
when automobiles first replaced horse-drawn carriages they were called horseless carriages
when bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist
when bending the elbow the triceps are the antagonist
when doctors say `diabetes' they usually mean `diabetes mellitus'
when forming a question, invert the subject and the verb
when he ceases to be just interestingly neurotic and...gets locked up
when he died he left much unfinished work behind
when he downloaded the free game it turned out to be a trojan horse
when he learned who I was he became all sweetness and light
when he returned to work he met many new faces
when he saw that I was angry he hit the panic button
when he shouted `fire' there was a stampede to the exits
when he was first hired he was assigned to the pool
when he yawned I could see the gold fillings in his teeth
when hearts were young and gay
when it began to rain he covered his head with a newspaper
when it rained water would fall from the drip loop before it reached the building
when it snowed they made a coast on the golf course
when liberty becomes license dictatorship is near
when lovers prove untrue
when medical scientists talk about vectors they are usually talking about insects
when people try to correct their speech they develop a stilted pronunciation
when she awoke the clarity was back in her eyes
when she came back Sophie and Esther were sitting dejectedly in the kitchen
when she was bad she was horrid
when she was good she was very very good
when that became known the price of their stock went into free fall
when the direct approach failed he tried the inverse
when the doctor ordered a gastric lavage the hospital pumped out my stomach
when the dough has enough consistency it is ready to bake
when the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly
when the measured speech of the chorus passes over into song the tones are, remotely but unmistakably, those taught by the orthodox liturgy
when the pig ran away there was hell to pay
when the rain came he could hear the sound of thunder in the background
when the recovered patient tries to remember what occurred during his delirium
when the restaurant caught fire the patrons ran amuck, blocking the exit
when the school day was done we would walk home together
when the screen font resembles a printed font a document may look approximately the same on the screen as it will when printed
when the shooting stopped there were three dead bodies
when the test was stolen the professor had to make a new set of questions
when the tide came in I was a maroon out there
when the vote was taken they were in the minority
when the wiring was finished they turned on the juice
when there is no wind, row
when these final episodes are broadcast it will be the finish of the show
when they saw how things were going everybody jumped on the bandwagon
when this product is not branded it sells for a lower price
when trying to impress someone she spoke in an affected literary style
when two honest witnesses give accounts of the same event that differ diametrically, how can anyone prove that the evidence you gave was deliberately false?
when two nations both resort to nuclear deterrence the consequence could be mutual destruction
when wasteful war shall statues overturn
when you add in all the computer accessories you are going to need the computer gets pretty expensive
when you call, always ask for Mary
when you have a monopoly you can ask any price you like
when you pay ahead (or in advance) you receive a discount
when you say `maybe' you are just hedging
when you want something done get a doer
when you're alone Christmas is the pits
whenever he arrives she leaves on the morrow
whenever he won we were exposed to his gasconade
where do we go from here?
where is she heading
where never is heard a discouraging word
where others had failed he had gloriously succeeded
where should we stow the vegetables?
where the bold chalk cliffs of England rise
where there's a will there's a way
whereas `each,' `every,' `either,' `neither,' and `none' are distributive or referring to a single member of a group, `which' in `which of the men' is separative
wherever he went in the camp the men were grumbling
whet my appetite
whether he praised or cursed me depended on his temper at the time
whether they were accomplices in the last degree or a lesser one was...to be determined individually
whether you choose to do it or not is a matter that is quite immaterial (or indifferent)
which hinge is the squeaker?
whiff a pipe
whiff out a prayer
while he was waiting he filled the days with busywork
while she was pregnant, she abused drugs
while the spoken word stands for something, the written word stands for something that stands for something
while there's life there's hope
while thus unmindful of his steps he stumbled
while we disliked each other, nevertheless we agreed
whimsy can be humorous to someone with time to enjoy it
whir of a bird's wings
whisk the eggs
whiskers grew luxuriantly from his ample jowls
whiskey galore
whiskey spilled from the unstoppered bottle
white blossoms with purple-laced petals
white flames
white nights
white noise is a good masking agent
white supremacism
white-bread America
white-clad nurses
white-columned houses
white-out the typo
white-plumed egrets
white-throated
whitewash walls
whitewater rafting is not for the timid
whittle a piece of wood
who are these people running around in the building?
who broke into my account last night?
who can imagine a translunary visitor in Times Square?
who controls the purse strings in this family?
who has the most apples?
who is responsible for these variations in taxation?
who is the caller of this meeting?
who is the operator of this franchise?
who is the owner of that friendly smile?
who owns this place?
whoever is the closer has to turn out the lights and lock up
whole blood is normally used in blood transfusions
whole brothers and sisters
whole fields of wheat in shock
whole in mind and body
wholehearted commitment
wholesale destruction
wholesome appearance
wholesome attitude
wholesome food
wholly undismayed by the commercial failure of the three movies he had made
whose beard with age is hoar
why didn't you tell me in the first place?
why do politicians always develop selective amnesia when questioned about their transgressions?
why does she like all those shkotzim?
why is he in such an all-fired hurry?
why is it so hard for you to keep a secret?
why is the middle class so stodgy, so utterly without a sense of humor?
why this urge to travel?
wide and stormy seas
wide grass-covered plains as far as the eye could see
wide margins
wide roads
wide white margins
widely discrepant statements
widely separated
widely spaced eyes
widen the range of applications
widen the road
widespread fear of nuclear war
widespread nuclear fallout
wield power and authority
wiggly lines
wiggly worms
wild and harsh country full of hot sand and cactus
wild colors
wild geese
wild parties
wild rice was served as an accompaniment to the main dish
wild shouts
wild squirrels are provident
wild talk
wild tribes
wild unkempt hair
wild with anger
wild with grief
wildcat currency issued by irresponsible banks
wildcat drilling
wildcat life insurance schemes
wildcat stock speculation
wildcat wells
wildcat work stoppage
will be influential in the 1990s and beyond
will the stock market crash again?
will they never find a cure for the common cold?
will yield 10% if not more
will you be my valentine?
will you still love me when we're old and grey?
willful disobedience
willful stupidity makes him absolutely livid
willing helpers
wilted lettuce
win points
win someone's confidence and friendship
winch up the slack line
wind and sea may displace the ship's center of gravity along three orthogonal axes
wind your watch
winding roads are full of surprises
windows of standard width
windows were unglazed to admit as much light and air as possible
winds were blowing furiously
winds whipped the piled leaves into churning masses
windswept headlands
windup toys
wine and beer can pall
wine made the guest expansive
winning is not everything
winning the lottery was a happy accident
winning the tournament was a cakewalk for him
winnow chaff
winnow the finalists from the long list of applicants
winter has set in
winterize cars
winterize your houses
wintry smile
wipe the blackboard
wiped his heated-up face with a large bandana
wiped his reeking neck
wire beads
wire the addition to the house
wired bundles of newspapers
wired hotel rooms
wiry red hair
wish you a nice evening
wished him luck in his endeavor
wisps of hair
with a flip of the wrist
with a hopeless sigh he sat down
with a house full of boys you have to have rugged furniture
with a little genetic engineering camelpox could be used as a bioweapon
with a normal acid-base balance in the body the blood is slightly alkaline
with a quick twist of his head he surveyed the room
with a shout and a song they marched up to the gates
with a sinking heart
with a workman's callous hands
with a wry Scottish wit
with all deliberate speed
with all that smoke there must be a fire somewhere
with all the appurtenances fitting thereto
with an evening dress one wears 10 denier stockings
with an hour's start he will be hard to catch
with an inadvertent gesture she swept the vase off the table
with arms spread wide
with awninged windows on the west side
with bared head
with bent (or bended) back
with clothes wet by splashed water
with contented mind and unruffled spirit
with details of the wedding settled she could now sleep at night
with dry eyes
with earth-based telescopes many stars remain undiscovered
with everything so upset
with eyes set in a fixed glassy stare
with eyes starting from their sockets
with feet black from playing outdoors
with glasses her corrected vision was 20:20
with hair combed to the side
with heads close together
with her wonted candor
with his classmates he felt a sense of belonging
with his necktie twisted awry
with its sails afoul
with lips compressed
with lowered eyes
with malice aforethought
with many insertions in the margins
with measured irony
with mouth agape
with newborn fears
with open arms and an ingratiating smile
with original music
with persevering (or patient) industry she revived the failing business
with puffy reddened eyes
with ruffled flags flying
with shaking knees
with shining hair neatly brushed
with that move it's a won game
with the cross of Jesus marching on before
with the exception of the children, everyone was told the news
with the help of his friend's interpolations his story was eventually told
with the job came a rent-free apartment
with the throttle wide open
with their many similar tastes, he found her a most sympathetic companion
with timely treatment the patient has a good chance of recovery
withered vines
within living memory
within the compass of education
within the compass of this article
within the scope of an investigation
without bankable stars the film script aroused no interest
without competition there would be no market
without further evidence his story must remain uncertain
without greater reasonableness by both parties we will never settle this matter!
without him the dullness of her life crept into her work no matter how she tried to compartmentalize it.
without more ado Barker borrowed a knife from his brigade Major and honed it on a carborundum stone as coolly as a butcher
without my reading glasses I can hardly see things close up
without their support he'll be ruling in a vacuum
without ulterior argument
without understanding the finer nuances you can't enjoy the humor
without...any purpose, immediate or ulterior
witty and waspish about his colleagues
wizard wands
wizardly powers
woeful errors of judgment
woeful treatment of the accused
wolfish rapacity
woman is the glory of creation
womanish tears
womanly virtues of gentleness and compassion
women carrying home shopping didn't give me a second glance
women dressed in nondescript clothes
women have been blamed ever since the Fall
women in Afghanistan veil their faces
women ovulate about once every month
women with covered faces
women's pay rate is lower than men's
won by a narrow margin
won by a plumping majority
won by a substantial margin
won by a wide margin
wondered how such a state of affairs had come about
wondered if she could ever be untidy without feeling self-conscious about it
wondered whether they had been rather precipitate in deposing the king
wondered who had made the booking
wood dust is a sure sign of termites
wood with a fine grain
wood with an uneven grain
wooded land
woodworking is a practical art
woody plants
wool has more body than rayon
woolly lambs
woolly thinking
woolly-headed ideas
words are the blocks from which sentences are made
words associable with politics
words fraught with meaning
words incompletely understood
words instinct with love
words like `conservative' require periodic redefinition
words lost in the din
words of approval seldom passed his lips
words of reproach
words that introduce particulars of the speaker's and hearer's shared cognitive field into the message
words that proved prophetic
wore a crazy hat
wore a goofy hat
wore an unclean shirt
wore conspicuous neckties
wore her dresses midi length
wore his best suit
wore unironed jeans
work equals force times distance
work in the butter and the dough will get the right consistency
work is the deliverance of mankind
work like thunder
work of great merit
work of solid scholarship
work off the extra pounds you have gained over the holidays
work one's muscles
work one's way through the crowd
work stone into tools
work the body onto the flatbed truck
work the clay until it is soft
work the metal
work the raisins into the dough
work your way through every problem or task
worked at a feverish pace
worked at an honest trade
worked down on the farm
worked every moment of my waking hours
worked hard all day
worked hard and so did she
worked like hell to get the job done
worked their arduous way up the mining valley
worked with painful slowness
worked with the slow students
workers in AI hope to imitate or duplicate intelligence in computers and robots
workers in the building trades
workers in unskilled occupations are finding fewer and fewer job opportunities
workers of the world--unite!
workers were not paid for their travel time between home and factory
working along with his father
working conditions are not conducive to productivity
working in a foreign country takes a bit of getting used to
working mothers rely on the day care program
working-class occupations include manual as well as industrial labor
works of all the aforementioned authors
world events of thunderous import
world fair
worldly goods and advancement
worldwide distribution
worldwide in distribution
worms are an example of invertebrate animals
worms take advantage of automatic file sending and receiving features found on many computers
worn threads on the screw
worn-out shoes with flapping soles
worried by the worsening storm
worried parents
worry about the gossip and secretiveness and other scrimy sides
worth her weight in gold
would be imprudent for a noneconomist to talk about the details of economic policy
would do something as despicable as murder
would have scarce arrived before she would have found some excuse to leave
would he forget the crime and let it go unpunished?
wouldst not play false and yet would wrongly win
wounding and false charges of disloyalty
wounds and ulcers can granulate
woven baskets
woven cloth originated in Mesopotamia around 5000 BC
woven fabrics
wrack and ruin
wrangle horses
wrap the baby before taking her out
wrapped in thought
wreak havoc
wreathe the grave site
wrench a window off its hinges
wrench one's ankle
wrench oneself free from somebody's grip
wrest a meaning from the old text
wrest power from the old government
wrest the knife from his hands
wretched prisoners huddled in stinking cages
wring out the washcloth
wring the towels
wrinkles crisscrossed her face
write it off as a loss
write out a check
write out a contract
write unrestrained and gushy poetry
write your name in the space provided
writes in a limpid style
writes of crimson deeds and barbaric days
writhed lips
writing barren of insight
writing materials
writing unrhymed blank verse is like playing tennis without a net
writing was a form of therapy for him
writings of an exoteric nature
written evidence
written laws
written propaganda is less efficacious than the habits and prejudices...of the readers
wrongful death
wrote a penitential letter apologizing for her hasty words
wrote her letters in a colloquial style
wrote with unmatchable clarity
xerophytic adaptations
yachts ran slap-bang into the convoy at 15 knots an hour
ye cannot serve God and Mammon
year-end audit
yearly medical examinations
years afterward, they would pay the blood-money, driblet by driblet
years ago in her white-painted infancy it must have hung presentably on the deck of some luxury liner
years of boarding school estranged the child from her home
years of dragging war
years of faithful service
years of research produced no reportable results
years of supernormal employment during the war
years that seemed telescoped like time in a dream
yeast-leavened breads
yellow and blue are complementaries
yellow press
yellowed parchment
yesterday the weather was beautiful
yesterday's solutions are not good enough
yet another book on heraldry might be thought redundant
yet here he was with an upper class dingbat who just happened to be married to his sister
yin and yang together produce everything that comes into existence
yogic exercises
yogurt made with skim milk
yoke the oxen together
yonder valley
you are a clever man...you reason well and your wit is bold
you are biasing my choice by telling me yours
you are bloody right
you are confusing me with the other candidate
you are goddamn right!
you are hot
you are in no danger
you are in this to the hilt
you are taxing my patience
you are welcome to join us
you behaved scandalously when you walked out of that meeting!
you can always resign if you don't like it
you can be dead sure of my innocence
you can break a tooth on that hard candy
you can compute the area of a square if you know the length of its sides
you can count on me to help you any time
you can find this food anywhere
you can finish the job of painting faster with a roller than with a brush
you can invest in a unit investment trust for as little as $1000
you can just mapquest the restaurant
you can lean on me if you get tired
you can learn a lot by just listening
you can lose your identity when you join the army
you can obtain a transcript of this radio program by sending a self-addressed envelope to the station
you can rationalize away all the strange noises you hear--there is no poltergeist in the house!
you can rely on his discretion
you can take it from there
you can take your pick
you can use the verb `drink' intransitively, without a direct object
you can use the verb `eat' transitively or intransitively
you can wet the bed till kingdom come, for all I care
you can't be too rich or too thin
you can't do that in a university setting
you can't get a brokerage account unless you have $20,000
you can't react to the day-to-day blips
you can't really keep up with world affairs by watching television
you can't survive in the army without a sense of humor
you can't tell the players without a program
you cannot be convicted of criminal guilt by association
you cannot do this legitimately!
you cannot look at these facts subjectively
you cannot send packages by electronic mail
you certainly did me an ill turn
you could always take a day off
you could facilitate the process by sharing your knowledge
you could see the tumor in the CAT scan
you cowardly little pukes!
you didn't give me enough notice
you dirty dog
you do not have to be a rocket scientist to figure that out
you don't have the stuff to be a United States Marine
you don't know jack
you don't need a studio to make a passport photograph
you flaming idiot
you had to admire the subtlety of the distinctions he drew
you had to show your ID in order to get in
you have brought ruin on this entire family
you have four downs to gain ten yards
you have to admire her; it was a gutsy thing to do
you have to face the music
you have to go through channels
you have to join the union in order to get a job
you have to look both ways crossing a two-way street
you have to shift when you go down a steep hill
you have to turn in your card to get a handicap
you haven't got the heart for baseball
you look a little peaked
you look simply smashing
you look worn out
you lucky dog
you may accuse me of being and old fuddy-duddy trying to stop young people having fun
you may actually be doing the right thing by walking out
you may kill someone someday with your raw power
you may well need your umbrella
you must dissociate these two events!
you must dung the land
you must know the pressure points in order to administer shiatsu
you must not allow a stranger into the house when your mother is away
you must respect the confidentiality of your client's communications
you must stand firm
you must take an indirect course in sailing
you must treat this plant just so
you must wait in a long line at the checkout counter
you must work the examples at the end of each chapter in the textbook
you must write legibly
you need a fiddler and a caller for country dancing
you need four people to play this game
you only get 3 outs per inning
you put me to forget a lady's manners by being so verbal
you should acquaint yourself with your new computer
you should go into a holding pattern until he gets over his disappointment
you should have read the small print on your policy
you should remove the stones from prunes before cooking
you shouldn't be up here
you shouldn't try to start in third gear
you stick a bill in the vending machine and the change pops out
you take a chance when you let her drive
you think my intrusion unseasonable
you were not supposed to show your navel on television
you will be safe here
you will have to work comparably harder
you will stop all bloom if you let the flowers go to seed
you would be a dingbat even to try it
you write as if this fact whilst inarguably forever condemning me to the ranks of Bohemianism nevertheless earned for me the right of entry into any company
you'd best stay at home
you'd better wear a helmet and knee protectors when you Rollerblade!
you'd have to go to the back of beyond to find one of those
you'll find it in the hardware department
you'll find vitamin C for sale at most pharmacies
you're getting warm
you're looking green
you're perfectly right
you're quite right
you've forfeited your right to name your successor
you've made up your mind then?
young American women believe that a bare midriff is fashionable
young birds, fish, and reptiles hatch
young children need lots of TLC
young children should not be allowed to stay up until midnight
young corn
young fair maidens
young minds untrained in the habit of concentration
young people
young recruits destitute of experience
young vowers of eternal love
young white women dressed Hollywood style
young women disliked the overfamiliar tone he took with them
your actions will bring discredit to your name
your addled little brain
your assumption that I would agree was unwarranted
your choice of colors was unfortunate
your comments are slurring your co-workers
your cousin arrived out of thin air
your fears have no basis in fact
your gender role is the public expression of your gender identity
your guests are now in my custody
your information is wrong
your intended trip abroad
your invectives scorched the community
your letter arrived apropos
your letter of the 10th inst
your letter received on the 29th ult
your mail is on the table
your performance has been going downhill for a long time now
your performance will improve dramatically
your place or mine?
your preaching is wasted on him
your proverbial dizzy blonde
your red-rimmed eyes reveal that you have been crying
your run-of-the-mine college graduate
your salary will rise proportionately to your workload
your scarf is all bloody
your skin is the largest organ of your body
your willingness after these six arduous days to remain here
your wish will come true
youth everywhere rises in revolt
youth's transient beauty
zap the enemy
zodiacal constellations
zonal division
zoological garden
zoological research
